i d bet that to   represent johnson has some s she should revisit . the desire to be attractive invites one thing only . to agree or disagree . 
yeah the thing is most of the people involved ( men ) admitted to it .
stapleton thing
speaking the unspeakable 
what about the me too thing ?
with the whole thing .
a litany for speaking out or not .
why aren  t speaking out ? 
what now ? if there s  constructive thing that can come out of let it be the absolute end of
i agree with .  is a humour mill for you now ? 
couldn t agree more .
couldn  t agree more .
does this analysis represent u ? 
this thing is actually very triggering and i  m not okay with that
you falsely represent yourself as a supporter of women . you re a fraud .
 now that we are speaking let us never shut up about this kind of thing .   - lupita nyong  o
i agree that women shouldn t have to share their stories but i also think it is the most strategically effective thing we can do
bear trap chastity belts for men . 
bet audrey had her own stories 
lupita nyong  o : speaking out about harvey weinstein via
lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein
lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein via 
i can  t bear to read them .
doesn t need an emoji . you are the worst .
my voice was valid before the # it will be valid after the # but will people still be listening ?
from  . this is not a new thing but now is the time for a new paradigm . 
i am fuming . i have found myself in situations like this in the dance industry .
is simultaneously so empowering and the most triggering thing i  have experienced in a wee while
how many quitters ? because of uncomfortable situations ?  isaiah    
lupita speaks out about 
thank you for speaking out . 
it s a new day . is affecting politics too . speaking out for the people is the right thing to do .
on beautiful & but i bet the 
not a male thing or female thing but a human thing .
i agree . this is why i posted 
wow . must become lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein
we should never aide  - and  - a bet faux  - feminists who aide  - and  - a bet sexual predators . 
opinion : is an effective movement but it doesn t accurately represent all sexual assault and harassment .
back and forth on this whole thing .
we don 't go anywhere now . this thing has just begun . so much still unsaid 
i don't know .  but i bet she has allot of stories
i didn  t get into the thing because i didn  t feel like i had a  bad enough  experience to make it valid .  /
the is a powerful thing . so are and
ronan farrow follows up on the costs of speaking out in hollywood 
now that we are speaking let us never shut up about this kind of thing .
now that we are speaking let us never shut up about this kind of thing . 
you did a very good thing . 
it s a thing like really
all women must read .  lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein
ultimately no comparison you are  correct . broad reaching deeper abuses are to come from disclosures or improvements healings ?
my voice was valid before the # it will be valid after the # but will you still be listening ?
meanwhile was started to combat this very thing 
i tend to freeze too . thanks for speaking out .
thanks for speaking out .
the worst betrayal is a trust betrayal
yes . enough . that we can agree on . it is my interp ration because i have gone through it .
if there is something i regret it would be not speaking up about this when i had to .
people have been talking about it . people have been screaming about it . trump admitted it on camera . until now no one has listened .
and i am speaking for  of us one isn t on twitter
and i bet it s higher than  . 
i totally agree .
totally agree . 
new at9 on reaction to to   represent . tanz i & allegation of sexual harassment at st house  - frmr to   represent weighs in . more on
thinking the thing should be opt out instead (
this is whole hash tag thing is heart triggering and heartbreaking
i am proud of . for speaking out . 
lupita nyong o speaks out about harassment .
the thing all women do that you don 't know about  via
let us not forget !  honour those speaking their truths .
as a survivor the movement is validating & triggering . instant  message grateful people are speaking out .
best thing : finding out we are not alone and have all dealt with this . over  6 m + worst thing : finding out we have all dealt with this
has been a thing for years .  check this out ! 
lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein : i did not know that i had allies in this
 can situations of chaos be divine d simply by tracking who was present like ? in records to defraud custody is a thing . post report what happens to some families more often than you might thing .
this is not a male thing or a female thing . this is a human thing . speaks on via
but victims of i bet . great exhibit and should visit . 
opinion | lupita nyong   speaking out about harvey weinstein powerful .
thank you for continuing to represent and be the voice of
my oscar speech : i would like to thank for reply  - triggering me . worst timing ever in coming out .
speaking out so our daughters will never have to .
as a survivor the movement is validating and triggering :
the  boys  at work had a bet on who could land the dancing tm
the campaign has me in awe . incredibly effective .
all valid and important things to repeat and reflect on . but fellas the .
people talking about i agree tall men suck . on the other hand is laughable .
the thing about is that i was initially like  no never  and then  well except for all these times i  ve intentionally blocked out . 
to   represent johnson needs to go . 
why men aren  t speaking up about the movement 
why men aren  t speaking up about the movement  via
the worst part is how shameful it made me feel
want to read the absolute worst thing you ll ever read about and sexual assault ?
i don 't agree of extreme masculinity a masculine man loves protects encourages . a coward abuses assaults intimidates
impressed by all the women speaking out about weinstein
for the thousands of people who go through the same thing . we  reply all in this together and we will conquer this
campaign can be triggering for victims say n . w . t . women 
i bet our silence and non  - solidarity costs us about on the dollar
some said posting won t change anything i this  - agree .  the ripple is in motion
that  s right player says playing hard to get is the thing to do  - via
for all minors suffering abuse . clearly involved american and europe as why such agencies were involved 
the thing about sexual assault is you only hear the stories we can bear to tell . the news 
flogging a dead bear ; tries to sell before collapse !
because the word triggering doesn  t mean a damn thing it  s a them problem now .
battered women syndrome is hitting people i love hard today . i  m speaking up not just for myself but for them as well .
to my mutuals and friends speaking up and saying i believe you you re valid and you are so strong . i stand with you all .
i kept deleting after posting  - i was debating if my experience was valid just because it wasn t rape . all experiences are valid .
all the support for people speaking out . here are a few coping mechanisms for intimacy after abuse :
i agree . i don 't know one woman who doesn t have a story . 
where are the stories ? speaking to the power of storytelling of those directly impacted
i have a couple of thoughts on if you ll bear with me . i see how problematic it is to  ) put any pressure on people who  /
you only hear the stories we can bear to tell .
there is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others . my courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me .  jane austen pride and prejudice
agree . shows the magnitude . 
there was from men that also had the same thing happen  them
the irony of the backlash is that victims are condemned for not speaking up sooner . then shamed for speaking out .
it s not a hollywoo thing it s a patriarchy thing . and what is wrong with me ? has turned into
the sleeping bear has awakened . finally .
thank u to   represent . speier . the time  silence darkness & excus in & is over .
more power to you thank you for speaking up . 
thank you danneel for speaking up .  it s happened to 
much love to you and thank you for speaking out .
( ( ( marshall her skov itz ) ) ) was the director for  jack the bear  a movie that was filmed when reese witherspoon would have been
have had it up to my eye teeth w other people  s opinions on the thing . would rather it bugged them enough to change .
first time i was  . worst time i was  . once i forced a friend out of my apt w / a butcher knife and that s not even top  worst .
now speaking on about the campaign she started in  .
i put myself in unsafe situations . i was so excited by the idea of sex that i let men do what they wanted i . e . dangerous situations
cannot bear to read more stories . heartbreaking .
you never cease to amaze me with your awesomeness really . speaking out for what we need  -  - 
it s time we start speaking up . 
when a woman betrays other women for fame & fortune  -  - that s betrayal of the worst kind . 
i think people are shocked at this and can t believe it . the sad thing is if the elite are willing to sacrifice someone like weinstein and then all the people involved in the me too posts what s coming next ?
i agree with most of this tipping point memo liz . but is not just feminist or liberal . there are  1  0  0 s of .
yes we agree .  response matters
situation shuld not have escalated to this if ganda poor is in anyway involved he should be questioned . 
we need to keep speaking up until
including but not limited to in my build  - a  - bear uniform when i was seventeen .
in this thread she s speaking down to stories .  
lucky to have avoided the worst of it so far .
much respect for woman like for speaking up
this is the truest thing yet . scott rosenberg on a complicated legacy with harvey weinstein  via
whoa . thank you for your courage and for speaking out . 
of women in my facebook friends list finally speaking out about what probably was the worst thing that can happen to a person .
victims coming together and speaking out
it seems like and sexual accusations has become the new in thing and ever so fashionable .
weighing the costs of speaking out about harvey weinstein by 
more from weighing the costs of speaking out about harvey weinstein 
i  m not under the impression she was referring to male clergy who have stories but you are right and i agree with you .
to survivors speaking up using know that you re supported . and if you don 't tell your story know that doesn t make it any less valid .
thanks to everyone speaking out .
and to all the women who have said thank you for speaking up for yourself and all the women who can  t themselves .
you bet ! taxpayers will not be forced into complicity !
the most disguisting thing i have heard today .
i was dragged through the mud because this was a good guy who wouldn t do such a thing . he was a so how could he do that
and more power to all the voices speaking up and speaking out about violence against women !
the world ` s next big thing is here ! 
thank you for speaking out and with such strength and grace
it s astounding to me what people choose not to see . women shouldn t have to type in order for people to believe this is a thing .
we have survived every one of our worst days 
yes i agree with this . he should have never get a free pass 
your experiences are valid . i hear you and stand with you .
awareness is amazing but not effective without action . denial  of  normal  t be  too shy  or  too scared  to get involved in a situation . help .
because one thing almost always leads to another . a must see video . 
the most effective voices in the fight to end are those of respect .
let  s start this twitter thing
my hope is that all of this is healing for everyone involved
best thing i  ve read on 
this is the funniest thing i have heard all day ! 
whether or not you choose to tell your story your story is valid and you are valid . we believe and support you no matter what 
women all over are speaking out about being sexually assaulted . 
ending the conspiracy of silence powerfully articulated by lupita nyong . discusses today s 
is worst megacity for women worldwide best . worst in terms of sexual violence .
agree . i will never be silenced or shamed again . once was enough .
instant  message bet you have a story to tell .
props to those who are speaking out & love to those who can t or aren t ready to do that yet .
if you don 't know if your experience was bad enough to tweet you are valid . your feelings reply : your assault are valid .
can we all agree the world needs more than ever right now ? !
the smartest thing i  ve ever seen on twitter . 
i  have debated on whether to make this post because speaking out and speaking up against sexually assault and harassment is something 
our leaders & are speaking out with their stories . were with you ! 
thank you for our governor and his wife for speaking out 
i  m speaking up as a survivor not a victim .
you both have given me so much inspiration over the years thank you for speaking out
your very brave for speaking out about your sexual assault by john travolta
has earned my admiration and respect for speaking up and speaking out today on behalf of all women . thank you megyn . 
would have been for them to have had remorse . but they don 't . they think they had every right . my mother their wives our siblings agree
by hosting a local vigil ! join an organizing call tonight at  et to get involved
the thing that bothers me most about the campaign is how completely unsurprising it is .
literally same thing happened to me . 
my first time wasn  t like a fairytale and wasn  t expecting it to be . yet i never admitted how forced and pressured i was to lose it
been sexually assaulted myself several times and it  s honestly the worst thing . i sorry for anyone else who  s gone through it
the weinstein abuses that have fueled the trend may be the low tide that precedes a tsunami ; this is one of those waves .
work ethics are absent in most situations of dunk info  set on
to   represent . is speaking out against sexual harassment in the state house . thank you for your bravery erin ! 
did you see my thread earlier jeannie ? i ll bet there s overlap 
and it s true . we only share the stories we can bear to tell .
phil what did you ask me when chris anschutz admitted to aftr denver pd took him from my building ?
can someone explain this thing to me ? !
be in the know . follow lupita nyong  o on harvey weinstein :
hell of a trailblazer ! keep speaking out ! 
editorial : house speaker cri santa duran should do the right thing too for her part in the to   represent . steve leb sock scandal  step down from leadership
lupita nyong  o on i have felt sick in the pit of my stomach 
perspective | how hollywood abuses women and steals our work 
when u are assaulted do not agree to plea bargains for the assailant . it s a trick . gloria poole right now artist missouri
and me : is there such a thing as a gray are a when it comes to sexual assault ?
after weinstein we need far more than to tackle hollywood s abuses
thankfully nothing utterly traumatizing but rather uncomfortable for future interactions with parties involved .  but still
the tweets are triggering so many bad memories .
but the worst part is i almost stopped noticing because it happened so often
agree but i also want human justice .  
this can  t be women just speaking up : men respond to pledging 
t only thing i felt was being eaten by dogs . & i didn t want it . t only thing i knew is that they had t right to do it  i deserved it
chi  motivating you to get involved ? a first step is joining our fall discussion series .
excellent and insightful . thanks for speaking out 
what horrific thing to say losing games is nothing compared to 
dana is someone i either agree with strongly or disagree with strongly . this however is one of most important threads she  s written 
he admitted himself he is guilty of sexual assault ! 
tired of too bad . it is the best thing that has happened for us since the birth control pill . by speaking .
women are standing up & speaking out  - the movement . 
and the worst is when my male colleagues witnessed it and said nothing .
sound off : what can we do to make sexual harassment training more effective ? 
thread in link so i don 't have to rewrite the whole thing 
and your daughters so that know what to do if put in situations like created
you are so brave for speaking up . hugs !
the funny thing about triggers is that sometimes they pop up out of nowhere
uses who admitted he had grabbed and groped people in the past saying he did it to  persuade  people who were  afraid  to have a sexual encounter with him .
i agree . thanks to the brave women who had the courage to say 
reminder : just because you aren t talkin about your experience w s doesn t make it any less valid . instant  message with you .
workplace harassment isn  t just a hollywood thing
: dehli a long with brazil s so paulo seen as the worst cities in the world for women . !  
not okay . thank you for speaking out ! we see you ! 
maybe this trend of outing abuses by powerful people will spread to the political world ? if so should be scared
sorry that had to happen to u mr chip .  & i totally agree ! blessings to u !
the day that decides to agree with el chapo and he gets fired . me too #
okay . * breathes out * me too . so many times . first time was when i was  . worst time was when i was  .
what i hate the most is feeling lucky my situations weren t worst  - case scenario because they shouldn t have happened in the first place . yes they could have been worse but they shouldn t have happened at all .
why do you think the and are so popular ? brava to all those speaking out & telling their stories .
other things you can do to fight rape culture if is triggering for you
great summary from minister humphries says can t get involved . . asks why not ? sad  staff at . .
friendly reminder not to shame those who have chosen not to be vocal with their statements . this can all be very triggering .
no woman should have to say  i understand the same thing happened to me . 
i can  t bear to look at him or hear his voice . trauma  - inducing .
great job presenting and our agenda on this morning . particularly effective talking about
the importance of speaking our truth  -
i am weirdly fatigued by the thing . part of me doesn t want to dismiss it because consciousness  - raisin out is good . but .
you ll reply i believe you . this will be the most important thing you do . 
 scandal  s  tony goldwyn says after tweeting support to lupita nyong  o ( watch ) 
we  reply speaking about our work in at today  s roundtable hall .
delhi sao paulo seen as worst megacities for sex attacks on 
wear a bear  - trap chastity belt or carry a gun . 
thank you for speaking up so eloquently to those who would divide us by politicizing & i  m so sorry that happened . 
i am sorry for what happened to you and thank you for speaking out .
hats off & hearts up to for speaking out to disrupt il  s destructive political patriarchy . 
it  s democrats like this that really pisses me off and need to go ! if you agree rt with 
editorial : state house speaker cri santa duran should do the right thing  too for her part in the to   represent . steve leb sock scandal  step down from leadership
what s the false accusation rate ? i bet it s pretty low .  
not everyone feels safe enough to share and for many it is triggering 
culture minister applauds those speaking out about sexual misconduct .
i wrote a thing on ending rape culture 
if nuance is so dead or the what about ism is so prevalent that we can t just separate out this one thing .  yikes .
this outpouring is heartening and painful to bear . it is indeed making me little brave . 
agree .  when placed in a traumatic situation you do remember .  over and over .
some doubted the tangible difference could have on sexual assault + harassment yet more people are speaking out
i  have admitted it to no one in  years . he s dead now . i  have been dead inside for  years .
thanks . i was just thinking that same thing . you said it just right a !
men are sexually harassed too . thank you for speaking out . 
people say if it were me i would definitely say something . that s just the thing . you aren t the  in  or  in  . you wouldn t know what you would do when such a traumatic debilitating thing happens to you . thank you sophia for having our backs . 
and here s the thing as with ? instant  message not mad at the originator of
great story but to   represent . rugger ios joke that she s not attractive enough to be a crosses a line . 
just followed tagline : if you think you re too small to be effective you ve never been in bed with a mosquito .
i think in some respects the worst things about my own stories are how banal they are . the passerby in london who smacked my butt
one openly admitted you can do whatever you want when your rich and powerful !
not only men . let  s focus here . it  s a person thing .
for all the men and women speaking up with we hear you . we believe you . you inspire us !
some are empowered by the campaign . some aren t ready to identify . no survivor is more valid than another . 
now this news : here s why rep gwen moore is speaking up and saying
this thing is almost confusing to me .  i don 't think there s a woman on this planet who has not been sexually harassed .
bravo ! japan  s moment : u think hollywood abuses women ? u oughta c tokyo 
this may be triggering but this anonymous interview between a woman & her assailant is powerful : 
discusses how the movement demonstrates what a powerful and effective tool social media can be .
( not truly i have so many friends who would get me that list in a minute but the very principle of the thing irks
* * * if you are not comfortable publicly sharing or identifying your experience that does not make it any less valid .
sacramento is changing .  women are standing up and speaking out ! 
i bet the sex addiction spa in arizona is going to make bank in the next  months of revelations
i agree . keep thinking and then what ? love your article !
so many & stories it s hard to keep up . so glad these brave people are speaking out .
i stand with all the survivors speaking up at vigils across the country and with
the  worst things men have said about sexual harassment in just one month 
the campaign shows that sexuality is expressed in an unhealthy and irresponsible way according to local holistic therapist orla quinn . do you agree ?
no way . we  reply not letting this happen . every woman who said is with lupita . 
i  have told myself that my assaul was not severe enough to be valid or spoke about it was and it is wrong .
i think the worst thing about all of this is  - so many felt somehow being a victim wa the way it is .  glad to be part of the conversation
i bet loves seeing a marine crack rape jokes online . this is why exists . 
there spoke to a dozen people involved with the production of the film who confirmed sizemore was sent home over the alleged incident
they rather employ evil powerful intimidating a * * kissers who has no talent and abuses their power to get ahead
what a powerful thing to see so many sharing and re living their worst and many times long kept secret horrors .
. how d you miss out on she has the best ( worst ) stories from her house days .
ptsd from an assault that summer added to my diagnoses when i was admitted .
i bet trump has nightmares about your tweets buona notte sweet and strong hol and .
- awed by all the speaking out ! we all must challenge now it s time  think about how .
to masc folks that have been victimized and are hesitant to speak up and say you are valid and i  m sorry .
do you think online movements are an effective call  - to  - action for change ?
& i didn t even know it until someone explained it & i  have only admitted it out loud a few times since & nobody believed me
so many wounds relived . even for those who didn t put it out there  - i hope u know your experience is no less valid if u aren t sharing .
end of at state house : speaker & to   represent . tanz i vow to deal with sexual harassment
to   represent . jackie speier lends voice to movement reveals she was sexually assaulted as congressional aide . 
metro did a really cool thing today .
. &  leaders speaking out with their stories this week : 
some v suspicious situations are being well described now on is another way victims can voice their point  of  view of impacts .
i wonder when women will join and speak out about the abuses in the academic research sector .
i really want to talk about and the context of women speaking at all
) there were  branch managers (  from another location ) a regional manager and sales to   represent .   -  years old . one knew my dad well
why don 't women speak out ? weighing the costs of speaking out about harvey weinstein 
thank you for your courage and for speaking up women of the world .
dance clubs were the worst .  that s why i started going to same few bars where i had bouncers who watched out for me & my friends
weighing in on campaign cyber  athlete  professional  league lc faculty adviser explores fo so  - the fear of speaking out :
holy shit . a man admitted he was a sexual predator not as a braggart but with a tinge of remorse . 
thank you for your heart & action to   represent . chenault . if you need a voice in our communities or w i  m in . 
opinion : why aren t men speaking up too asks . 
. denial  of  normal  t use nursery / childish language around us . that can be triggering . a referred to my legs as leggies . ugh
the only thing i got in the  years since is hung up on when i called for information .
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo . 
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo . shiori i to .  via
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo .
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo .  via
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo . via . thedailybeast
& are finally speaking out against their abuser :
it can be triggering to see all of these tweets . take are of yourself log off if you need to .
x3  &  ; all in situations . it s so shocking when it happens that you don 't know what to do especially when young .
even more than we realize these me too postings have been quite effective . if we look at women s history it s .
right ?  this thing seems so weird because it  s just everyone .
maybe we should just ban men from public life until we get this whole harassment thing figured out . 
by the way the only thing that bothers me about the trend is that i feel like it some cases it might make people feel forced to (
women and men are speaking out about abuse  is this the end of the patriarchy ? 
hey guys i did a thing and am quoted in this article in the 
if you thought to   represent story was unusual read what s happening in house !  
but remember this hashtag can be a bit triggering and no one should feel compelled to share
 it s not a partisan issue . it s a man thing .
so proud of for speaking about this strongly defiantly adding ! thank   you ! 
i agree women and men should report but it  s difficult when you fear retaliation . 
has me thinking about all of the times i blocked things out that i couldn t bear to process at the time .
still don 't believe us ? lupita nyong  o reveals she was sexually harassed by harvey weinstein : 
after birth breastfeeding  - no matter how much we want to  - may be extremely triggering . have compassion .
unfortunately . reservations and qualifications behind posting . but i am like the ultimate recluse and it s still been a thing . so .
healing takes time . speaking up is not a simple feat . silent shaming if that a thing ? only produces more silence .
to everyone who chose not to disclose your story is valid and you too have my respect and support
i have an inherent problem with the trend going on . apparently it can represent either assault or .
. it would be easier to count the number of people who have not been harass e  - far fewer i bet . 
i ran away instead of speaking up & my silence almost swallowed me whole
female them lawmaker shares story of sexual harassment to   represent . jackie speier ( d  - calif . ) shared a .  via
to all women ( or men ) who have been sexually harassed or assaulted and are speaking up about it .
it  s time to take true measures in our lives to eliminate sexual assault says to   represent kristen houser . 
teater v state of nebraska . i share this with plaintiff artsy so sexual abuse victims can use tolling statue of limitations if fraudulent concealment or mis representation or failure to protect is involved 
worst  me too  i mean jesus he put his arm around her while seated and he  s got parkinson  s . 
for every harvey weinstein there s a hundred more men doing the exact same thing .
to   represent . jackie speier from anthony weiner to george take i to congress democrats are proving that unlike we don 't make excuses even for our own . are more inconsistent than trek no babble
triggering certain hashtags into angry   comments
if you were part of us emergent church movement ( or benefited $ from this crew ) do not use hastag until address abuses in this group
some of the worst reactions i  ve read about the campaign have been from women too . hurts my heart .
for those who don 't get how triggering these past days ( week have been for so many of us : this is emotional triage .
( while facing many situations of gender / sexual violence / harassment at home and abroad .
to all the women speaking up & out  - thank u & i love u when i was  . by direction of & they can t hit u with it
whether you  reply sharing your story or not participating in tag or not you and your experience are valid
corporate world insurance world worst is police departments
 people inside advertising acknowledging they  ve worked at places where harassment was a thing . 
if you can t speak up  - if you re afraid or not ready or at risk  - your story is still valid . we are with you too .
good to see a man speaking up about these issues and supporting women speaking the truth . too often it is family . 
i was forced to do thing i never should have known about at that age .
i never get involved when it comes to controversy on the internet but miss me with this senseless and disgusting act of harassment .
i think i  ve been resenting the thing because i want to live in denial . but me too .
loving that so many women in my life are speaking up with but sad that so many have to in the first place . also
sharing a sexual assault story can be empowering yet triggering . here s how to care for your
at  years old  years old and  years old your me too is valid & brave . we can stand together and say no more !
saddens me to say i was only  years old . the worst part is i thought it was normal and it was my fault .
chauvinist apparently . i bet you are the reason at least one woman in this world is using
same here . i sincerely thank and all brave women who are speaking out loud !
it s time for this treatment of women to end & it will only end if we all confront it head  - on . well done for speaking out . 
thank you for stopping your ads during show . you did the right thing . now i can love you again . 
bravely shares her encounters with with . yes this is still are hard thing to do .  even now .  
i left this hashtag alone intentionally . too triggering . but i applaud those who did speak .
hear from those speaking out against sexual assault harassment 
hear from those speaking out against sexual assault harassment . 
remembering when walking to work in downtown la usually involved harassment by parking attendants and the homeless .
about this thing .  men have you spoken up ? will we believe you ? and how to maybe do it right . 
i think this worst part is that i almost didn t write a because my experiences just seemed so normal quotidian
now : yet another man has used his position of power to intimidate & exploit women . now they re speaking out .
one of our peer advocates lauren shares her perspective on the movement & how to get support & get involved
women are speaking out against rampant in the world :
can be triggering for survivors . loved ones learn how to support here from 
the worst part of sexual assault is re living it constantly
while highlights major abuses of power pernicious micro  - insults can also damage a woman s career
women are standing together and speaking out against sexual harassment using 
i wonder if all those men involved in the why of are ashamed ? i  m thinking of a few men that i know should be .
nd i leka mandela hailed for speaking out about rape by ex  - partner 
the most surprising thing to me about the campaign ? how many people have been surprised by the numbers .
i bet there are plenty of perpetrators seeing thinking wow there are a lot of assholes out there good thing instant  message a nice guy
we have nothing to gain by speaking our truths . everything to lose .
don 't agree w you politically & not on your side often . today i stand with you . your words on weinstein movin
i  m pretty sure the modeling industry is one of the worst offenders !
speaking up in hopes my daughter doesn t have to one day
wise gracious powerful words from weinstein : one good thing 
always knew is a great man ! thank you for speaking out
i have been in situations that instant  message * thankful  * i was able to get out of safely and unharmed perhaps through sheer luck
il govt can t truly represent everyone until it treats every woman with dignity and respect
i wholeheartedly think you intended to represent me as being professional child sexual abuse . and my bio has a so i d like not to think .
speaking out  -  - and actually being heard  -  - is not only courageous but an act of defiance
this whole  me too  thing is so liberal . but .  this republican was harassed several times by a boss at her job .
i agree with you on this but was disappointed in you when you said  my job isn  t to fight the president  he  s also a sexual predator
so now the campaign is becoming a more effective spring board . hollywood government . clergy next ?
.   2  0 years of activism & real work .  not sitting behind a compute .  ay lissa milano want to help get involved with creator of
i read about the thing and my first thought was  are there actually women who haven  t been sexually harassed ?  me too .
i write about being sexually harassed this week . not the first or the worst just the most recent . 
the first thing campus security asked was if i had been drinking .
and in the two worst incidents it was by people i knew and thought i could trust .
.  i just have to keep speaking out to dispel as many misconceptions as possible about sexual violence .
thank you to everyone speaking up . lasts as long as it takes . 
if you were involved as a teen in the arts none of this is new . you either experienced it or saw it . boy or girl .
the simple hashtag has people speaking out about an important issue . 
instant  message glad that both women and men are speaking up about this . it is a disease . this has to stop . i and many .
what men need to know about rape culture is a thing
i am so against any type of and i definitely don 't understand the unwanted masturbating in front of a woman . when did that become a thing ? or is it just a hollywood thing ? &
opinion : is just another way women bear burden of making change 
it s about time men ( young men ) tell their stories of abuses too from powerful women .
something to consider about sexual assault : you only hear the stories we can bear to tell .
thanks congresswoman believes women bear as much responsibility for preventing sexual harassment & assault 
speaking up to help show the magnitude of the problem . 
because i don 't even know which story to shar made a list and it s the longest thing i  have ever written in my notes application
japan  s big moment : you think hollywood abuses women ? you oughta see tokyo  - the daily beast | what about nollywood ?
speaking of records there is not a single one of you speaking out against harvey weinstein . you remained quiet about a man that engaged in horrible acts . you are a tremendous hypocrite . 
still painful but so happy to see women speaking up lately . 
i believe you and took me a while to post because i  have been lucky with work situations . then i remembered .
i love you mack so proud of you for speaking out and horrified at the things you  ve had to go through . 
instant  message tired because this thing has been happening for a while .  
it  s a pretty safe bet every woman you know is yeah . all of them . and if they are silent it  s likely .
women of speaking out against chef john besh after systemic sexual harassment . 
while i am repulsed by louis c . k .  s actions at least he admitted to his horrific behavior without pause .
opinion | the  worst things men have said about sexual harassment in just one month 
wish the thing called out predators more than victims !
is in the news a lot lately . between contracts the ruling on the and workplace it s so not  bad for orgs to have access to credible & effective hour support .
shame on alabama state to   represent . who thinks victims should be prosecuted . 
: shame on alabama state to   represent . who thinks victims should be prosecuted .
lupita nyong  o opens up about her past experiences with harvey weinstein  i felt unsafe 
lupita nyong  o opens up about her past experiences with harvey weinstein  i felt unsafe  .
i agree with  - at least the conversation has begun . see her article enclosed and the resources connected to it . 
this is the audio of leigh gilmore recently speaking on public radio about 
every story every voice every person is valid . when we shall our experience strength and hope with .
women bear the brunt of but men are survivors too . like this ( gay ) man . and i stand with my sisters .
this is long . this could be triggering as it talks about the movement so please take care of yourself if  
silence is residual trauma . shaming women for not speaking up sooner is like rubbing salt in their wounds .
sad but true . still hard to talk about . i bet  of women have a story they could share .
appreciative of the in my life that are reflecting and speaking to their brothers about sexual harassment and assault .
they guilted me into thinking i was the one doing bad thing so i wouldn t talk
they need to hear narratives of schools who did the right thing and acted correctly and according to dcl .
sympathy ? nope not looking for sympathy  - not looking for anything  - speaking my truth
the movement is jarring  but being uncomfortable is sometimes a good thing . and yes me too .
sometimes it  s not easy sharing your story but staying silent is not effective
if feels more overwhelming than empowering know that your feelings are valid .
the triggering has been insane .  - yes it has . esp the spacey . welcome back into my life
thank you so much for your interview thank you for speaking out . you are so strong
i agree . great op ed . though i wish it credited the original creator of the movement .
remember : you do not have to publicly discuss your experiences for them to be considered valid . 
i denial  of  normal  t tell people this story because unlike many women in similar situations i got away .
to   represent . u gent i  - rita  s bold comments will encourage other individuals to speak up and hold those culpable accountable . 
emerging risks in need  2 b passed broadly for review and protection to be effective . 
 shame is a very important thing to talk about .  unfpa goodwill ambassador speaks out :
 shame is a very important thing to talk about .  goodwill ambassador speaks out :
because abuse is an everyday occurrence that women ( esp but not only ) cannot sidestep because speaking .
the tsa  s  enhanced pat downs  can be extremely triggering for survivors of sexual assault . applies to them but not everyone .
harassed stalked assaulted . just because she isn t speaking up doesn t mean she hasn t dealt with it . 
thinking of this hashtag and understanding how toxicity is so much more than violence . though violence is the worst manifestation of it .
if you ve been moved by what s your one thing you re going to do to make things better ?  -
i agree . i wish so many of us didn  t have stories but i  m glad this issue is being recognized and discussed seriously now .
just becau u someone hasn t posted doesn t mean she hasn t been through the same thing . because tweet  of
honestly this movement is like super moving but also kind   of triggering ?
* electing admitted sexual predator !  my pain is everyday  accusers wonder why not him ? 
years old at berkeley to   represent theatre : when i was an actress :  director (  )  actors (   ) . sexual harassment
in case you re wondering why the thing is going on so long 
can we all please agree not to trend till twitter doesn t have a sad react ?
my best friends my mentors my family  one thing unites far too many of us : survivorship .
thank you for speaking out shine a big light on all of them time for all women to say 
scariest thing about is reading some justifications given for the harassment . if women wore potato sacks they would still be harassed
. makes thing w / seem like nothing . you should hear stories from employees .
the most important thing i can do to contribute is talk to my son about sexual harassment .
debated posting because the  1 stop  that thing that came to mind was they won t believe you .
why are you still a thing ? hiding like common criminal typing on keyboard
i have had people touch me inappropriately at work . i have had situations go farther then i wanted even when said no ( not rape )
agree ! but where is the outcry for removal from office ?  + allegations we need and gone from politics ! 
& i  m still too scared to share the worst story but thank you to the brave people sharing their stories . 
triggering vs awareness : how does one decide which out  - weighs the other when sharing information ?
this is fucking unbelievable . alabama state to   represent : moore  s accusers should be prosecuted 
our view : campaign sheds light on workplace abuses but it  s no long  - term fix
important story from and on speaking out about sexual violence in the workplace :
girl .  this thread just made my night pure genius a lot of us have had similar situations .  unfortunately
me too . * * since i  have had to say it this week : not just because instant  message a sister and a daughter . because my worth is valid on it s own .
michaels initially killed jokes . it s a new york thing .
this went on for a semester while the university investigated the charges against him . worst semester of my life .
if you ve ever been lied on by a white man say kelly sorry for your family s loss bet you never thought
i am curious to read the men  s version of .  it will be effective to find empathy and understanding between us .
harassment and assault is way bigger than lef or gender even though women bear the brunt . instant  message and
harry . thank you so much for speaking up and out . instant  message saddened this happened to you and does to millions more  - women and men .
so is the cool thing for conservatives to do to pooh  - pooh the hashtag it s pointless ? no awareness is the point .
being raped is the least interesting thing about me . i am so much more than a victim . yet i was that .
it seems that way but abusers have always been around and i  m grateful to everyone who is speaking out about them . 
for those of us speaking our truth & for those choosing not to remember you are brave and you are loved
your feelings are valid . your experiences are real . you do not have to come forward if you  reply not ready .
. always an important conversation to have & although speaking up is hard and scary it frees you .
it s confusing to see the women who voted for  an admitted sexual predator now saying they re against harassment & shouting why ?
just curious why have all of you waited until was trending before speaking out ? i have one also but i made it known back then .
admitted on tape to regularly sexually assaulting women & this country still elected him
ellen degeneres adds her voice to the movement :  this is a human thing  
this tweet is for everyone unable to share their stories for whatever reason ( s ) . your stories are valid . we believe you .
the tweets .  just . sexual assault is a real thing . can . not . imagine . the horror .
every employee within this industry  - i think you should be involved in this conversation .  - good   morning louie me nd i cino on
if there was a relationship choice called uncivil union i bet it would be as widespread as
the thing with the hashtag is that we  ve been spilling our pain to convince you all that assault & harassment are widespread .
/ be more assertive in situations that i see going in the wrong direction / teach my daughter to not be afraid and stand up as
one thing that always makes me snicker is when men talk about that traumatic time when they too were harassed 
we support the movement and all of the incredibly brave women speaking out . 
so many women speaking out about grateful the conversation is expanding to show how many women are out there . 
don 't forget to upload w posts your signed permission slip from a man confirming your experience was harassment and not some other thing  
couldn t agree more . a great place to connect with other survivors share resources & support each other
i hope managers & supervisors check in staff today about  - it is triggering many people & makes work a lot more challenging
when we have a president who is an admitted sexual predator it shows how prevalent harassment is . that s why is so important .
everywhere girls are saying & speaking out against sexual harassment and assault .
victim shaming is a real thing . what   ever been conditioned to blame ourselves .
thanks for meaningful discussion of s . a . and harassment . i  ve been speaking since early  8  0 s reply own abuse .
i think the posts will only be effective for the people they  reply most meant to reach if they learn what constitutes sexual harassment .
it isn t a choice to have the worst moment of your life scooped up to be included in a glorified listicle of tweets .
 the right thing won t be easy but were called to do it anyway .   - elise lowe s 
why speaking out about sexual abuse is not enough ; how real change is possible :
.  literally . instant  message in this article . and i wish this was the worst of my experiences 
thank you for speaking up and talking about why we denial  of  normal  t talk .
attend a even a while back . never forget speaking to two bh e n j is over lunch  - both had suffered sexual ( gyan i ) harassment
me too . does it matter ? do i feel empowered now by speaking out ? no i do not . it actually feels pointless . why ?
generally speaking this is why the campaign is garbage . people get morality pts for believing every allegation a dangerous precedent to set
thing about is that i suspect there are a lot  of people hesitating to use it because they re like me thinking did that really  count ?
. men are welcome in the movement and they  ve been involved . it is dis proportionately women but plenty of men survivors felt safe .
i still have a hard time feeling like my story is valid because i was sober he didn  t  really  hurt me and we were friends . but it is .
to all the women out there : we are stronger if we are together . we are very brave by speaking out . love  everyone of you .
my dad would agree . yet the one time i told them i was afraid i was being followed they both burst out why did you talk to him ? !
was just speaking with a friend about the various ridiculous sexually inappropriate scenarios that were .
mandla mandela salutes sister for speaking out about rape by ex  - boyfriend : 
best article i  have read on this issue i agree this trend is encouraging and will support the next .
when the first thing you do after checking in at a hotel is throw away the little envelope that has your room it .
if there s one thing the campaign succeeds at it s empowering us to share what we thought we d take to the grave . never again .
- i wasn t asking for it when he grabbed my ass . and those of you who made that stupid bet ( yes i still remember ) that he would do it shame on you .
unfortunately every act of speaking out creates coercion for others to do so . this is a hard truth .
to all the survivors speaking up and saying we believe you and it s not your fault . you are not alone .
everyone is so brave . the worst is that instant  message not surprised at the number of women .  also
yes i believe the long term impact of will be that less people even think they can get away with doing the bad thing .
pretty sure all women have multiple me too situations to report . will we have a wave of perpetrators owning up to causing me too ?
big brothers are supposed to protect you . mine became my worst nightmare
i bet for every someone has the sting of a man who had the power to protect or speak up but laughed or remained silent instead .
in  women have been sexually assaulted by  . men know that rape isn t the only thing that constitutes assault
reply : this campaign : why are women automatically believed ? is proof even still a thing ?
/ still the best thing i  have ever seen on the internet : + what i  have been thinking about since
how many men out there see women they know tweet and wonder  was that about me ?  my bet : not many . crux of the issue in  my  opinion
the movement is powerful overwhelming triggering and sad . i hear you . i believe you . i am you . you are not alone .
thanks rose . because of many friends have admitted what happened to them as well in the past . my heart is in pain !
i have been incredibly lucky in the bystanders & supporters in my life but you   all are amazing for speaking out
please know that you do not * * * have to * * * do any one thing after an assault . it is up to you as the survivor for next steps .
thank you for speaking up . i am again empowered to talk against those who think they can .
this is totally valid . it s important and it s trauma . i worked on one movie with this guy just .
you do not have to participate in an online movement to be a valid survivor .  please retweet
& i was sexually harassed in college and grad school . solidarity who are ( and aren t ) speaking out  
in other obvious news : philadelphian eats cheesesteak trump tweets something absurd man is shocked at meme & bear poops in woods .
many times i  have been scared for my own safety . the worst times  - it was with people i knew  - or thought i knew  - to be good people
- terrible circumstances but instant  message inspired by the women everywhere who are speaking up 
so one thing you can do is hire women who ve been sex a ully harassed and lost their jobs .
false claims make me batty . part of the reason the me too thing pisses me off so much .
best thing i  have read in quite some time . thank you . 
not  thing not  word not  hashtag not  protest can women ever  do right  or do without  but us too  it  s not a competition
( is one of the worst plagues of the last days ) . instant  message grateful that god walked through the darkness with me . 
we are not shouting into a void ! a majority believe that speaking out about sexual harassment makes a difference
there is sexual assault thing going on which is just in time for soulmate taking . probably girls barking at me while i secure them .
too many to recount . just know that it was . at almost every job . i support every person speaking tonight .
waiting for women and men to start speaking out !  women aren t the only victims
nobody has recanted . and he admitted on tape he like to sexually assault women . have you been living under a rock or are you just stupid ?
was harassed & subsequently yelled at for refusing advances but didn  t think it  counted  either .  ( thanks for speaking up friends )
agree .  women have never been sacred .  beaten abused harassed silenced and payed  of the guy $ $ and at times raped . 
understand as someone said earlier we r only telling stories we can bear  tell . there r  1 s that r so traumatic they mst b repressed !
thank you for speaking out .  and instant  message so sorry for what you endured and had to normalize .
i agree with & roy moore has no place in the senate . & you need to join them
this thing is wonderful but even though statistically women have more sexual advances towards them . it does happen to
many women have this shared experience ; are collectively & individually speaking out  - here s my full article 
i  m just learning about the me too thing and i denial  of  normal  t want to talk about it but
going to agree here & add he sai said stories can lead to defamation lawsuits  - without some documentation don 't name names 
times . six . times . a man has randomly pulled out his d*ck  in front of me w / zero warning . i don't know why this is a thing . i generally avoid situations where what the fuck ? !  is the reaction to my genitals .
read this by a conservative law student about what happened to her and about why she thinks is valid . 
7 th &  8 th grade . tormented by a student . hated school . couldn t sleep eat and i didn t say a thing .
the morally superiority by alt lefties in here thinking rape is funny is disgusting . i bet my life most in here posted on the hashtag
here s one thing women tweeting about can do right this second to support men : go make a sammich .
the thing with is that i could post the status multiple times . it  s not just that it happened once .
thank you for speaking up . sadly too many women have similar experiences .
the out pour of women standing up and speaking out is amazing . their voices are the catalyst for massive change !
if you  reply not up to saying do not feel pressured or like you  reply not doing enough . every victim  s reaction is valid always .
i have seen it on multiple occasions it s the worse thing i  have ever seen ! 
when i was  . then from   -  a terrible difficult thing to admit but never your fault !
the thing that pisses me off about this trend is that just recently most of the county was saying how iconic hugh hefner was .
everyone talking about and somehow the irony isn t lost on me that ( a to   represent for our country & it s people ) is a sexual predator .
if the past month of is any indication i have to agree there . hopefully these revelations will facilitate a paradigm shift .
to   represent . re ick says he s no boorish clod but refuses to take part in harrassment training unless names names . 
it helps to know that the actual worst has yet to happen if i am still able to stand and breathe .
this is the best thing you will read on weinstein and sexism and power and is a gift . 
speaking of kobe bryant i remember he was accused of sexual assault some time back
if you feel uncomfortable with because of your personal history of being subjected to sexual violence your feelings are valid .
despite u . s . workers fear speaking out about sexual harassment
despite us workers fear speaking out about sexual harassment 
 despite u . s . workers fear speaking out about sexual harassment  
when you realize that there are so many people out there who have been through the same thing or worse we need to take a stand .
who would have thought a hashtag would be the greatest thing alyssa milano has ever done ?
agree . there has to be a human element whether writing code that sees duh it s a post or employing humans to deal with fallout . thank   you 
agree & retweeted . but where is the outcry for removal from office ?  + allegations we need and gone from politics !
he needs to be prosecuted . this sexual assault thing isn t only from women . i hope more men will come forward too .
and not near the worst of it . so many friends have had worse happen to them . it s not funny it s not right it s f** king  scary .
there  s a reason the stories of weinstein  s alleged & admitted misconduct read like chapters in women  s lives
don 't get why these men think what they do to women is fine . i bet they d be furious if it was their daughter wife sister mum .
speaking up and refusing to be silent costs us as much as silence but no job is worth abuse .
was  years old male family member . lasted  years involved his friends . family found out years later defended him . i survived solo !
if any men in want support in speaking out about now is a great time to listen . 
the me too hashtag . all the women speaking up . all the stories coming out of hollywood about sexual assault .
is too much today . too triggering . too painful . those words making me relive my experiences and ache for every single person
 yet despite the right  s evident bad faith i agree with hayes . in this moment when we  reply reassessing .
same thing well say about any abuser . they all must be exposed & held accountable .
speaking up against sexual harassment : there  s real power in numbers 
proves sexual violence isn t just a hollywood thing writes
to   represent . is speaking out against sexual harassment in the state house . having more women in power will help change the toxic culture that allows bad behavior to go unchecked . 
to women who can t safely / find it emotionally too hard to say your experiences are not forgotten are important & are valid too
and also instant  message sick of talking about it . i pressed charges when i was   -  and i  have been punished for speaking out ever since .
the advocate mag : thanks to all the celebs who are bravely speaking out .
such a trigger for me . i had an awful experience in not  much  here  - reading this has brought it flooding back . no man involved 
i read all of lupita  s operator  - ed and felt physically i ll because of how strongly it reminded me of my experiences . 
really struggling with  - it shouldn  t matter how many people experience something to make it valid . especially sexual assault .
the movement has been triggering but man it is important . stand up for women . the things we have gone through are overwhelming .
the fact that we have  - an admitted sexual predator  - is ever more heartbreaking . as a queer guy i see & support u .
we stand with everyone speaking truth to power with  and those not in a position to do so .
my worst stories are mine . my most frequent ones  -  - unwanted groping catcalls comments etc  -  - are universal .
we shouldn t forget the other side : that speaking publically can be empowering and also allow us to genuinely connect w others
because $$ $ bought his way back into school after previous assaults and the only thing that stopped the stalking was my knife . 
together we rise . to those speaking up sharing stories and supporting one another we stand with you . ( image via
the only thing that would prevent more hashtags would be rapists not raping .
says women must be held accountable too . do you agree ? is slut shaming same as sexual harassment ? 
the best rehab for a serial sexual predator is prison . this is elitist bullshit at it s worst
. founder of the movement speaking tonight . she found her voice at age
in these moments of the last thing we need is more toxic masculinity  - women are saving democracy .
reading this by in is best thing i  ve done all day & grt list of
you should be proud of yourself for speaking out ! hopefully you got help for being a victim .
speaking up is liberating and can protect others  - a article i wrote in  . never shared it before
that s probably one of the worst parts of it is the confusion . my girl thought once she started she wasn t allowed to stop .  
to   represent . and  legislators across the united states are turning into real public policy : 
um i think that is actually a genderless claim . i could say the very same thing about female bosses to the nth power so it s a draw .
pleased to see that twitter  s taking that female  - friendly thing seriously .
i was a waitress at a local bar and a patron thought it was okay to jiggle my breasts to show they were real on a bet
retweeted vulva saur wanted to hop on the thing but honestly it  s way too hard for me to .
already there are those call 8ng her a liar . sound familiar ? wh did the same thing 
we need more male champions to speak up i am hoping to see more speaking up ! harassment is a 
this is about power and i hope the number of women speaking out will change the conversation once and for all
a classmate wrote something that i agree : many of all ethnicities have revealed this is a problem that sees no cultural boundaries .
california to   represent . jackie speier shares her sexual assault story in an effort to change capitol hill
me too has been so focused around computer  information  science women . this is not okay . femm survivors of sexual violence are just as valid .
sexual assault is never the victims fault . to those choosing to remain silent your experience and your emotions are still valid
wrong . no one cares about me at all . if they did they would have done the right thing . women aren t shit in this world to them .
some of us tweet loud & proud because our sisters can t bring themselves to do it but we know they are there i will to   represent their burden
but the issue isn t survivors speaking up . i wrote this  years ago for & it still applies : 
/ is suspended from twitter for speaking up about weinstein & encouraging other women to speak out with movement .
this man they hired to have great ideas  - wanted me and him to go to boston to meet a to   represent  - there was no meeting
would not be a thing if all men just gave the respect that women deserve . let s all do better and be examples .
i was just thinking the same thing . which one of the many times ? professionally personally from strangers from friends . 
but you re such a strong woman .  how could it happen to you ? worst . words . to . ever . hear . .  and from loved ones . stop it !
sending love out to my sisters speaking out against harassment and assault .
you are reaching by calling the clinto thing a  consensual affair  have you learned nothing from all of the stories ?
instant  message a survivor who is here to say your pain is valid . it  s not your fault come forward stop punishing yourself & allow yourself help
to all survivors speaking up and saying and to all the survivors who can t say we see you we believe you you aren t alone .
we should be protecting our peers everyday . anytime you se think of because yes i am speaking for us against sexual harassment .
sharing eases the shame : a look a why speaking up is healthy and how the campaign is igniting social change
you know you re triggering victims with this right ? how about having a little compassion and going away ?
can t decide which was more triggering  - the bar age of statuses all day or seeing * one of * the profs who have harassed me
the silencing the retribution for speaking against all sorts of injustices  i  m not unfamiliar with systemic abuse of power against women . 
most women don 't feel comfortable telling details of the worst cases of experienced .
. just lawmakers ?  . if it s not a requirement then it s okay ?  . shouldn t this just be a learned in kindergarten thing ?  . where is the don 't be a sexual harasser requirement ?
to the survivors speaking up saying and the victims who are unable to we see you we believe you and we won  t stop fighting for you .
bet this harvey weinstein case and trending of globally is making many powerful men and women bite their nails in fear of expos
looks like more degenerates coming out ! to   represent steve leb sock is joining the club of & which keep getting called out !
were the only ones who generally do  side with one another . too many men  - and even other women  - just shame us for speaking out . that s got   to stop !
thank you speaking out about sexual harassment in hollywood . you did not let morning joe bully you .
the most powerful thing you can say to a survivor of abuse is not i  m sorry . it  s these three words : i believe you .
impressed by all the strong women & men speaking up and sharing their experiences ! instant  message not there yet but 
just called a clarion call for justice . we agree  -  - and we will follow her lead and stand with her on the path forward 
o i don't know ;} say their names .  say their names & i bet they ll think twice next time  - > publish the light is the best disinfectant
george how does it feel . you re a sexual abuser of the worst kind . drugging a victim to sexual assault them .
all of our experiences are valid this is is a serious systemic problem i stand with all survivors today and every day
post report assault of my dtr  + years of  bullshit hours time . huge variety of affinity fraud various abuses .
read this and share or think of how perhaps you  ve shared the same thing . the trying to extricate yourself so badly from the person . 
i d be willing to bet everything i own that every woman has been assaulted / harassed in some form or fashion by a friends boyfriend
earliest instances of inappropriate advances at  by middle school classmates . wish i could say that was the last ( and worst ) of it .
i feel like there s a pretty one  - sided focus on the pain and re trauma t ization of speaking out
lovin hard on for being open and for speaking up . it was not your fault you deserved better . we all do .
the best thing to do if someone tells u they have been assaulted or harassed is believe them . offer whatever assistance u can .
. says & pens op ed on the challenges trans people face in speaking out against sexual assault . 
when the world makes you feel like staying silent is just easier than speaking out .
want   to know what happened to me ? i got born ! also the thing is really dumb .
there s this thing going around on fb  - for women who have been sexually assaulted or harassed post me too .
it  s so so sad that  of my friends have stories of being sexually harassed or assaulted . this should not be a normal thing .
thank you i will read up on this seems like a lot of everyone knew kind   of thing but never said anything
my point is the way women were treated in the  5  0 s is what leads to being a left & right thing in  . they weren t honored then .
women justifying their silence about weinstein sexual assault epidemic must also justify germans for not speaking out against nazis .
thank you & for speaking in the seanad on hopefully & can ask questions of in the dail this week . 
it  s not just it  s we are all one & finally speaking up supporting each other . please copy paste & share .
because control of my narrative is the only thing i have control of in this situation .
she left behind a personal item that was later picked up and turned in ?  ridiculous ! she s being targeted for speaking out . no more silence !
i grew up thinking sexual harassment was a normal thing and you just had to be clever in order to avoid ( some of ) it
thought it wasn t .  and then i remembered .  the worst part of this violence is that they make us forget and feel guilty .
victims forget that law & justice are two separate things . what i would have loved for my brothers for me for everyone involved
women in the church speaking out in campaign a powerful moment says but what will it lead to ? 
really just sit with the sheer volume of people speaking up and saying and let yourself feel it . it s brutal .
thank you one of worst was boss fort collins . got fired quit post grad classes . taught daycare then . 
didn  t take long for to get a branded hashtag . how  s doing with the whole russia thing & targeted harassment stuff
thanks for doing the right thing shouldn  t have to say that it should be a normal thing for every human everywhere ! i know so deep it  s true because it  s happened to me and so many of us women out here ! i  m sick every time i see these stories .
to those who are speaking up to say we believe you . to the countless more who remain silent we believe you .
grateful for all the and the that reaches into our worst moments and reminds us of the power of community . what a gift .
okay i get that the posts are supposed to bring awareness but they  reply also really triggering . it  s a double edged sword .
also if seeing has been triggering for you at all it  s okay to not participate . it  s okay to take a break from social media .
non  - celebrity women now speaking up if been sexually harassed or assaulted at what a long  - overdue crowdsourced support community .
speaking of where are he assaulted now is finally turning tables on public figure 
instant  message on tonight speaking about tune in now . thank you & everyone at
told someone the story of not even the worst harassment i  ve had to deal with in life and he was absolutely shocked .
to everyone speaking up : we see you . we believe you . we support you . men it s on you to dismantle rape culture .
great piece for all the ladies having trouble speaking up 
willing to bet that every woman ha experience sexual harassment if not sexual assault . it  s far more rampant than people think
i  m so proud of you for speaking out about being sexually assaulted as young teen n hollywood & r gov must end ! i  m a
rting because i want there to be more understanding among adults about young girls who believe they re in love . the blame they bear for the abuse is especially a cute . 
thank you to all of the strong brave and beautiful women who are supporting each other and speaking our truths .
what we can do is protect our laws . when i was faced with harassment the only thing i had was title ix
we cannot accept anything less than  equality on the screen and behind the scenes .  - speaking at march today
twitter has been my one outlet for speaking up about being sexually assaulted . brings a lot of emotion and it should . part  .
super proud of all the brave humans speaking up today .
what a idiotic thing to say . you aren t listening to women . any job held by any woman can be at risk
relevant . & remember your experience is no more valid if you denial  of  normal  t post it on social media . we see you . 
more than a hollywood thing : a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament 
this is about predatory criminal behavior . also did the same thing & tried to silence
if you could tell the person who sexually harrassed or sexually ass ulted you one thing what would it be ?
wasn  t planning  participate in thing because abuse seemed part of being a women . to hell w that ! i will no longer normalize it .
for the record the worst sexism in the workplace i  ve faced was perpetrated by other women but that is for a different thread
with the trending worldwide it s important for survivors to focus on self  - care during a triggering time .
body paralyzed semi  - conscious state panic unable to move trying to say no .  worst feeling i  have ever experienced i am sorry 
worst part : after all these years instant  message still afraid to name names . in my mind no one will believe
instant  message glad you were able to resolve financially . nothing will make the pain go away . mimi s attitude is absolutely unforgivable . she doesn t represent women families or any decent people .
today  s front page pays homage to the local women speaking out in the movement 
a little late but bringing this back from the depths . thing is this isn t even among the worst times . but i don 't owe anyone my stories anyways . and i continue to fight for safer public spaces especially for women of color . 
i  have been struggling if i want to say it s hard . it s triggering . it s naming it facing it . but that s where healing begins .
why is ( brother culture poster boy ) at doesn t take concerns seriously ? women speaking out is that  disruptive ?
instant  message a supporter of but in  the  dark probably be more effective if we listed all the times men ignored us when we tried to tell them before
during the election when the fbi & my local pd got involved of the sexually violent & racist threats against me  opposing trump 
listen to my latest feature  - speaking out against on all business media fuck   me .
men died that day so you re not speaking german right now and are probably even the reason you re living . you are complete trash .
now this news : rt tatiana bae zz : to   represent . gwen moore saying will bring tears to your eyes ( via now this news )
respect grace . well done for speaking out . your web log is excellent !
as a teenager and an adult and to think .  these numbers only represent those that told someone what about those suffer eing in silence 
. now this is scary . how many aren t aware of the severity of their actions ? don 't make speaking up the negative action . ( thread )
dear victims of sexual assault if u denial  of  normal  t want   to participate in the movement that  s okay . your not delegitimize d . your still just as valid
we fight voices ( including our own ) that say we aren t good enough . sexual abusers work to confirm our worst self  - loathing .
two words represent years of harassment & years of hiding my sexual assault . why is it easier to tweet publicly than to come forward ?
i have a lot of love for you   all speaking your truth with & i have love for you   all who are choosing not to share for whatever reason .
pretty much everyone woman and a lot of men i know are speaking up and saying me too . who isn t ?
the election of an admitted womanizing sexual predator to the highest office in the land has awoken strong women every where . here s to strong women ! may we know them . may we be them . may we raise them .
m  yeah . . just another thing people want attention for next will b parents yelling at their kids . everyone  s a victim on  the next
the thing is cool and all but if men didn t know all women get sexual harassed they are fucking idiots .  - amen !
yeah  - rare is the woman lucky enough not to say that . the surprising thing is that a bunch of men are surprised .
thanks for shedding light on the reality of being a female of any age . let  s keep speaking up ! 
please practice if the news cycle & campaign is triggering . sending all survivors a huge hug . tips :
keep telling it out loud ! so sorry it happened to you thanks to you for speaking 
most entertaining thing about all these sexual assault allegations coming out : how shocked men are that this is so common .
they confused  2  0 years ( since  ) creator has been speaking out while sits back n takes credit 
from my handler a pretty tough hooman : the worst part was being told to ignore it .  by a woman . there is work to do friends !
it is fun ambu list thing cool job shirt
puberty ? i was first molested by my  3  1 year old relative at age  but grooming started earlier . i was a thing a sex toy 
i  have seen sanctimonious tweets about men s need to take responsibility from powerful women who allowed abuses of the less powerful
watching and listening to beverly young was heartbreaking . i agree roy moore and his supporters are monsters . 
now that i think of it the thing isn t so much oh my  god instant  message so upse as just a pile of the disappointments instant  message already used to .
feeling sad for all women who have experienced far worse situations than me . any incident that crosses boundaries is deeply disturbing
but women experience sexual harass men more than men do and this has got to stop . thanks to those who are speaking out .
one thing i hate is worrying that will make me a target for online harassment because it feels like there is no safe place
i hope we realise also applies to men . it s weird because as a guy you d never think such thing would ever occur to you . until it does .
not doing the whole thing today . acting like women are the only victims of sexual assault and harassment is unbelievably myopic .
yes this is the thing . another big secret hundreds of people must know the answers too . expose them now . where s the for the kids .
turn on now .  is speaking about how men must step up & hold other men accountable .
no one seems to care when you tell them you ve been sexually harassed so instant  message speaking out now !  let s make a difference !
old news that has been debunked .  numerous fed agencies signed off + how   come was not involved w decision . focus on problem at hand that can be addressed now : moore awareness campaign
now that is proving effective & widespread media & prominent voices need to be mindful while supporting voices that need to be heard
women must continue speaking out against abuse + harassment ( if not for us for our children our future . 
i  m so so sorry . i  m a me too as well . i  m grateful all of us are speaking out ! love of self ! you  reply very strong !
following stories on moved by the courage of people who are speaking up . i hear and believe you .
three days ago a man kissed me in a coffee shop and told me i was hot . wish that had been the first and worst harassment .
bravo for not just speaking up about being sexually assaulted but for taking action and filing a police report !
wow . there  s no telling how important speaking out is can be change culture and politics . 
it has taken me years to find peace and comfort in doing sharing what i can bear to . but know that you owe no one your story .
ellen degeneres joined the movement saying this  isn  t a male or a female thing 
women unite . shows how many of us have been our worst oppressors . speak up . tell us your story of sexual harassment . disempower male sexual aggression as a means to disempower women .
remember you only hear the stories that can bear to be told . women are silenced everywhere told to stand aside and not be seen .
finally figured out what the pink icon is that inserts itself unasked after the me too hashtag . i was pissed that it might have been hijack e with an illegible pink graphic . expecting the worst i took a better look & am glad it  s hands of different skin tones
the posts are so triggering and sad . instant  message so glad were finally being open while fighting our stigma and shame but (  )
give us hope . can people post names of men who stood up did the right thing please ?
as a male with the thing i now wonder if i ever did or said anything . this shit is powerful . makes me rethink my past actions .
here is a thing i have noticed . the discussion has prompted several men in my life to ask if they ve ever overstepped a line (
everything from ass grab to apartment break in . the worst part : were subliminally taught we need even these men to like us .
not able assault victims are speaking out and telling their stories online via movement . more :
how s it that you believe the women reply : but not the women reply : ? he admitted to sexually assaulting women on video tape & there were  + women .
thank you to all of the brave people speaking out using we hear you and we support you . the magnitude of cannot be ignored .
women are speaking out and the world is finally listening ! but  women still haven  t found vindication .  when will face repercussions for his sexual assault ?
why don 't these people come forward when it happens ? raise your hand if you can t even bring yourself to google your name ( s ) because you can t bear to have to acknowledge that they are still walking this earth .
you don 't owe anyone your story . sometimes typing and deleting is powerful . millions of other women have done the same thing today .
mostly creepy comments and a couple close calls . speaking out for those who can t yet .
is very important . now men must act to make these problems a thing of the past . the on us is clear . it  s on us . 
i tell people i lost my corporate role in  because of the financial crisis i am lying . for speaking up .
continuing to harass me and touch me in a bar when i say instant  message not interested isn t funny even when i feel forced to grin and bear it .
the thing that most breaks my heart about the story is that he seems to have had no trusted adult to confide in years ago .
consider this : for every woman participating in the campaign there is a man who harassed her and many others who may not be speaking out yet . it doesn t stop with her . we can and need to do better .
agree but i think part of the point was to show just how prevalent . men might not expect virtually every woman they know to say
powerful and so brave . thank you for speaking up and supporting more women to be able to speak up . 
to all those speaking up about something so personal & difficult to speak about ; we applaud you ! we believe you ! we are here for you !
speaking up or thinking about sexual assault is hard especially if you feel like you re to blame .
thank you for speaking up sharing your experience of sexual harassment abuse & assault & supporting those who do .
men  here s your chance to listen to what women deal with since a too  - young age . here is why is a thing .
what part of  but that  s not me . i would never do that did you not understand ? !  your churlish comment speaks volumes about you . best wishes to you ben ; thank you for speaking up !
all week i  ve sadly seen friends post the glad to see others agree that this is a men  s issue .  via
i  m sad to live in a world where i bet every single woman has either been sexually harassed or assaulted . even more sad to think about all the men who do this .
you know what perpetuates rape culture ? other women saying that this thing is too emotionally loaded . this is absolutely a subtweet .
non  - binar people get fetishized leading to staggering rates of sexual harassment and assault . shouldn t be just a computer  information  science thing
in note role plays in case of predator . if u r struggling drugs & alcohol can bring out our worst & cause
this isn t a political thing ! we live in a rape culture where people think it s okay to just put their hands on someone
i won  t share my experiences publicly because i denial  of  normal  t want   to risk triggering other victims but ( by the way i  m always here to talk to pals )
who after finding the courage wants to speak up if they know they will be shamed for not speaking up sooner .
i bet folks using haven t even credited the black woman who started using it a decade ago . tara na burke .
i just wish someone involved w / the show right now would call him out on harassing women online right ? where s the support ?
for all the men and boys who are called liars ostracized by friends and family and often assaulted even worse for speaking out .
so they re coming forward to educate others . be respectful of their openness . it s a hard thing to remember despite how over it u are
true ! humiliation shame & fear keep us quiet & keep us from speaking up .
i believe you . it wasn t your fault . so many boys and men suffer in silence . thank   you for speaking up 
)  me too  campaign was started by a black woman activist . we heard about it only when a white woman actress got involved . silencing much ?
hard numbers to suss out given conditioning agree . surprisingly powerful . forms a bond among those willing  admit past harassment
sheds light on magnitude of sexual abuse . men speaking up is imperative if we hope to see change :
i hop that my children won  t grow up in a world where sexual harass men is a common thing
another that chose to be quiet to advance his career before doing the  right  thing . enough already !
when the thing kicked off i thought not me i  ve been unusually fortunate . but then i began to recall many ( relatively trivial ) instances and realise i  ve just normalised it . plus i  ve always had my guard up which shouldn  t have to be default setting .
speaking plain i was abused as a lonely and desperate for acceptance child ! i ought to know . kevin spacey ? minimization dodge blame !
marching for safe workspaces free of sex harassment is the right thing to do for men & women . will you join us ?
movement was long overdue and thank you to these brave women for speaking out . damn straight on your remarks emily !
every time i see it stops me in my tracks . i hate that this problem is as rampant as it is but i support everyone who s speaking out
agree . know that advises child porn is illegal but they are not judges so they  ) cannot know it  s child p0rn  ) may not report it and  ) must delete computer evidence of it such as browser logs . 
imagine this is only the tip of the iceberg . worst was a prof at ucsb who kissed me after getting a rec letter for grad school . ick 
the sad thing is the average fox viewer will believe him and sexual assault is alive and well in the workplace
reply : louis ck . friends feel it was an  authentic  attempt . my sense wz same as no a below . & agree we  reply all implicated it  s everywhere 
the thing is  - all my siblings knew . it wasn t a secret . but when i started to make public noise well i needed to be shut up .
struggling with the balance between silence and speaking too much in regard to important to avoid the not all men narrative .
i am crying reading this my sisters thank you for speaking out against rape and harassment because it will end because of you 
writing an essay about the myriad experiences i  have had in my life and it is extremely painful and triggering but necessary to write .
grateful a casual search through my memory doesn t turn up more what a fucked  - up thing to be grateful for . to the other s .
i am speaking for those who cannot speak for themselves . i have been abused multiple times since  years old . you are not alone . fight !
i knew exactly what to tell my girls to look for . one important thing not being alone .
i  have silently agreed but was so very uncomfortable speaking out with you all . it s so sad to see how large the problem is .
a colleague and friend shared a thing on it s fun  - and true ! and very apropos in these days 
if women + lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. people got paid for all the of fighting the red be no such thing as the
trivial ization is the worst . whether you were left a bloody mess or not the attack on safety self & dignity cut deep .
it  s appalling how many men & women were victims of abuse . everyday a few more are added to the list . i bet there are multitudes of sickening people shaking in their boots they misused their power well no more is growing in numbers daily 
for all the brave women & yes men posting me too please know you  reply brave for speaking out &
why do we have to go public to make this a legitimate thing ? and what do we do when our collective attention span moves on in a week ?
every time i see a male name trending i click to see if the name is involved in sexual assault . most of the time it is . disgrace
i don 't feel like i can say because my experiences feel infinitely small and the effects beyond minimal comparatively speaking .
but back to the thing . this moment literally defined my idea of self and ruined my happiness . i had no self esteem afterwards .
support our sisters speaking out about sexual harassment perpetrators at the state capitol . 
two of the worst pains a human can experience : (  ) telling the truth and not being believed . (  ) having your humanity diminished by word or by deed . congratulations if you were handed at birth ( i  have tasted glimpses and it s delicious )
i  have been saying the very same thing every since the movement made it latest appearance . where was the support for these ladies who spoke out about the sexual abuse from mr . moron mess ?
stop speaking to me . ( good ! ) in my  3  0 s worked for a male manager who regularly put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me .   /
well done on speaking out my messages came via an internal work messenger and more recently facebook 
thank you for speaking out . it s a time in the us right now and it s better for our future . you are a man senator flake .
this thing is all fine and good but since when has women telling the truth ever made a difference ? we are not the problem .
when i was  not wearing a bra was new thing  - the  6  0 s  - my breasts were grabbed as i walked home fr school on more than one occasion 
keep speaking . we  reply talking and we are listening . also i  m here if anyone needs to talk about something 
proud of my incredibly strong boss for speaking her truth . here s to men stopping this abuse . 
honestly this campaign is pretty triggering so hugs to everyone that is re living some terrible shit that they shouldn t have to right now
retweeted un women ( sheds light on magnitude of sexual abuse . men speaking up is imperative .
no more thanks pervert just thanks ! i  m upset but totally did the right thing here . 
i agree it might not fix but problem but it will deter it . mother s need to raise their sons to respect them & they will respect women
watch the states involved in this issue of and see it dovetail with . dual file report is just one game in failed sex assault response  watch l
of course . the bravest thing i ever did was tell my assaulter s what they did to me was not consensual or friendly . it was rape .
hillary clinton is not a feminist  -  - she is the worst kind of enabler of sexual predators & corporate rapists . 
the only thing your orange baboon ass is good for is igniting the fight in women and men to stop sexual predators like you from controlling the narrative .
pretty willing to bet i don 't know a single adult woman who hasn t encountered sexual harassment or assault in some form . oh and
women worldwide face unacceptable systematic gendered abuses of privilege . i know what it feels like as a straight white man because
instant  message both saddened by all the posts instant  message seeing and happy that people are speaking up .
i stand in solidarity with the women who decide to post me too on their social media . though i do not agree with the campaign . shouldn t have to out myself as a survivor . what   ever done enough .
good last words fur tonight . blessings and strength to all speaking out at you can change things as can those reading . 
i agree with you but right now hearing those experiences are an important part of opening a diag logue to really start healing .
but our experiences are valid and worth discussing ( and any trauma is worthy of help ) no matter how bad or small we deem them .
i  ve learned the hard way what speaking up can do and i lost everything everything .  but i still say
one thing i wanted to add : i feel like a little fish sometimes but and help me to be part of .
the first thing i say when i hear a similar story is instant  message so sorry it happened then i believe you then
did anyone else notice that monica lewinsky joined the chorus of abuse victims speaking out by using
grateful to see so many speaking up in and that is a great start . let s hope we can start to change this pattern & end
and the wild thing is that while the tweets mark gravestones of painful memories too often the are long forgotten .
posts may rightly get critiqued as falling short of activism but for many it s the first time they re speaking truth to their pain .
just saw your interview you are a very strong woman literally and figuratively . thank you for speaking up for young athletes everywhere !
thank you for speaking truth to power and sharing your story . the lights are getting bright & now we can see how bad it is
yes i sadly share your concerns and agree that the movement has sparked an awareness in every occupation . it s definitely a start for positive change .
thanks for stepping forward and speaking out . all of us who said know the pain and appreciate the courage . now we act : 
thank you to the men speaking up as survivors and allies today . it takes all of us to end sexual harassment and assault .
hrc : . sarah e mcbride says & pens op ed on the challenges trans people face in speaking out against sexual ass  
sometimes i wish there was such a thing as a class action title ix complaint at universities .
stranger pinched my nipple on a crowded subway car . years later married employer did the same thing to me at work .
so incredibly sad that the most prevalent thing we women seem to have in common is sexual harass men
writing my books and posts saved me and pushed me toward effective recovery with a trauma  - trained therapist . people ask if it s cathartic : no . doesn t change what happened but if it helps others feel less alone then awesome .
the thing is interesting because i swear i  have been a part of dozens of these hashtags in the past and men still haven t fucking changed .
couldn t agree more . i also have had abuse and molestation in my past but already talked about it at people can talk about whatever they choose at but i found it touching to remember how much child i still had in me at that age .
 i can  t go to the police . he  s destroying my career  reply : speaking out about harvey weinstein s sexual violence
i wrote a thing about treating kids as kids and asking the media to give them a voice of their own  
preach . thing i  have learned lately : minimizing trauma is a textbook symptom of trauma . is really important for that reason alone .
i was  . he did the same thing to  other women . worse i had to explain why i was missing work and my boss made a joke of it .
i stand with all the beautiful brave women coming out and telling their story . fuck whoever critize s you for speaking out .
facebook is full of the meme today triggering lots of crappy memories from my own life . happy to say i denial  of  normal  t let them define me or
thank you for the follow and for your support with the campaign . instant  message speaking on behalf of the thank you
speaking out is the only way were going to stop this problem . not being ashamed and hiding is the only way were going to stop this
i was sexually assaulted by my boss in my   s & told a cop . he talked me out of pressing charges . i  m speaking out again because of
for all the times when the burden of staying quiet seemed trivial to the courage of speaking up . from a woman to the world
bill o reilly can t have just harassed one woman . that s too damn much money . for those speaking out good
/ i tweeted for probably the nth time the other day . i did it despite knowing it won t change a thing .
but instant  message so glad to see that a thing is getting so much attention considering my complaint didn t get any
at a congressional hearing on preventing sexual harassment to   represent jackie speier said two current members of congress democrat and republican have harassed staffers . she said her office has been flooded with stories of harassment since
experience with assault are . did focus on women but what about ? men are not only victims but the predominate perpetrators of assault and set the societal norms for sexual violence . men have to be involved . they have to be allies .
to heal the abused & nurture a society where women feel comfortable in all spaces . women are valid powerful & deserve better .
i agree it is patriarchal bullshit on his part and in a lot of cases with people like him they blame the victim and stigmatize them further . the hashtag is full of evidence of this .
while i appreciate the well meaning please rethink telling survivors not  speak . speaking truth claiming survivorship empowers
to   represent . jackie speier tells house administrator committee she  s been told of two sitting members of congress who have engaged in sexual harassment since she shared her own story in her video .
he admitted being a predator . the movement has empowered us to step forward . hope you child never has to go through this . sorry the timing inconveniences your perve candidate . have compassion .
yep just finished writing a whole series on sexism and harassment . grateful so many women are speaking up . 
how do you know she allowed it ? but anyway skepticism is exactly why survivors don 't say a thing . and then there s victim blaming .
must read : in powerful op ed joins countless survivors of sexual assault in speaking out 
the episode on eastenders this evening : a man who abuses his position of trust an misuses his power to sexually violate a young person is solely at fault . there are no excuses get out s or scenarios that make it okay .
the sad thing about us all posting is that i guarantee we all denial  of  normal  t  look the part  but that doesn  t mean it didn  t & doesn  t happen
off the topic i have to say i am utterly shocked that creepy uncle joe hasn t been caught up in this whole thing . he s hands ier than the hamburger helper mascot .
don 't look shocked when i tell you that i was sexually assaulted it s a horribly common thing . and don 't use me for your assault porn
thank you for speaking truth to power . i share in your cause despite my being a man and i can heartily say to support 
women are the most beautiful thing on god s green earth . with saying that they should be treated as beautiful as they are
these women bravely speaking out about their experiences is creating a very important dialogue surrounding sexual assault . 
just so you know is rarely a one  - time thing . it is constant either a new offense or an old that keeps coming back in some way .
i feel like the next step of this thing is for me to start dudes who ve crossed the line with details on their fuck ups
so much respect this is the right thing to do but still takes courage . u can t name & shame u know how it must be done .
most children would recognize something creepy in a daddy speaking of his daughter in sexual terms .
every profession . doesn  t matter what you make . it  s happening . why do you think was  a thing  . now maybe every creep at every level will think twice .
and instant  message proud of and thankful for all the women speaking out because our daughters shouldn t have to put up with this shit .
sorry but this campaign is confusing . & users are brutal to women they don 't politically agree . look at former & present  1 stop  that ladies . might want to look in a mirror . harassment is harassment
i thought i had nothing to share for i just remembered one thing that seems so minor & not worth sharing but i think it s important
i never want to hit like on stories like this  - we need an agree button . i love the courage to come out and speak your truth i hate that these things still happen !
make time to read powerful and important account . thanks to her and all the brave ones speaking up . 
so for real lady media people can we gather around for a second on this thing because instant  message tired drunk and sick of you   all
speaking out breaks their power . never feel shame for something done to you . thank you for your courage .
laura do you have any idea how common it is for prosecutors to prey on children in family court situations ? family court is a secure supply line for pedophiles .
 i don 't think i told anyone about him . it just felt like this thing that men do and women endure .  tough  luck on 
instant  message beginning to think women should just roll four deep until we solve this whole toxic masculinity thing .
you lose sight of the bigger picture why women across the nation are now speaking out . it s bigger than
problem the worst one = my ex dad  - in  - law sexually harassed me in his home at family get together when i was alone . so many levels of wrong
research found that women in acad careers are deeply frustrated by a system that under values their work ; they found overt discrimination in the form of harassment & many of the concerns involved deeply entrenched inequities . 
the fact that is a thing is sad disgusting and shameful . keep your penis in your pants and your hands to yourself ! but yes me too .
no  just came out as well . the thing is these women are all repugnant s just like you . you are the problem . there s a special place in hell for women who don 't stand with other women madeline albright
join me tonight for ask czarina live . i will be speaking about the harvey weinstein scandal campaign and more .
that s a real thing that actually happened . but more everyday on my way home from dc on this year i got harassed at a gas station
the worse thing is being told to shut up because your voice is making him feel bad about nothing
tired of the click bait articles claiming the movement is a problem . speaking out is not a problem . instant  message looking at you
this was the hardest thing i ever wrote . but after i wrote it i thought okay if i die now instant  message okay with it .
by speaking up for male victims of sex violence instant  message accused of being anti  - women . and so the cycle of exclusion resumes .
so i realized something bad today . i had previously thought the older mal female thing was one moment i  d actually avoided . but no .
because women finally are speaking out . what part of that don 't you understand ? finally we are not afraid and have power in numbers .
there s something off about all these dudes making fun of the thing and telling all these women how they should really be doing it
i believe first of all we must create support groups & safe spaces where women feel comfortable speaking up .
the fear of speaking out is real . no one * man or woman * should feel uncomfortable at wor life . just know you aren t alone .
because my boyfriend was confused when i told him that catcalling was a real thing and that women live with fes r every day
as if i didn t look up to the ladies of enough .  thank you for being brave and speaking up and living your truth . we are all behind you and support you now more than ever
reminder : just a few hours left to snag the version of for a mere  ! a bargain for the novel voted winner ! in the era of many a reader has called it powerful and timely . hope you ll agree !
i am getting exhausted at how much some men have gotten away with even those who have gotten away at prosecution time like who was involved in by the way whose court date is coming up in december . 
because of the insanity of the me too thing . there seems to be more regret than anything . sexual harassment is an issue but i don 't think it carries the weight the bbc is promoting . awkward advances from the opposite sex should not be labeled as harassment in  my  opinion .
moore s allegations didn t come out at such a peculiar time if you acknowledge the recent movement . there were hundreds of victims speaking out .
after his  2 and trial in ny for same crimes i had a p . i . calling me & my ex s as a detective in the ny trial . i was not involved in ny .
speaking against horrible abusers is necessary & right . owning our own failures large or small is too . 
a friends husband stopped by to look at a property near me the next thing i knew he was on me like a sex starved crazy man .
why speaking out is important perspective | why politicians got away with sexual misconduct for so long 
i am grateful for those who believed and loved me through my worst . i am grateful for those who help me heal when my scars feel raw .
i told my little sisters to never stay silent if they are ever sexually harassed or assaulted . it prevents others from going through the same thing .
i totally agree there and am so proud of the movement but that has more to do with men than any political party . plus yes columbus started a ruthless cycle of genocide for native americans which my wife is
made to believe my no isn t valid by someone who i was seeing who also helps organizes a fairly prominent open microphone in mumbai . the same social circle who shared posts about seems to turn a blind eye .
rt abc kaitlyn : tomorrow on grandma linsey davis introduces us to the founder of and the women speaking out against the other harvey weinstein 
i have to say this whole thing has been eye opening . guys what  the  fuck ? !  we have to be better . women deserve for us to be better .
so the new thing when an actress or business woman isn t hired for a job is to accuse the boss of ? okay got it !
all the posts here & elsewhere make me incredibly angry & sad . if this many are speaking up many more still remain silent . awful .
thanks as a it  s both a beautiful & comforting thing seeing men stand up & speak out against sexual assault & genuinely mean it !
his lawyer admitted on cnn last night that allegations came up in  . like my father  s friend stories that surround one person for decades frequently are proved true . not old enough for makeup
( some of the women the manager of best video would talk about were not even  yet .  these were girls . that did not stop his predatory and perverse behavior . the things that were said were the worst you can think of . it didn  t stop there . when i did come forward .
bravo to these two vrl leaders for speaking out . we love you & and to survivors who aren t ready to share their stories publicly were with you too .
confronting ( not surprising ) to see the scale of the problem . predators thrive on silence . well done everyone for speaking out .
pundit who claims we won t make change is wrong  -  - > women are speaking out and making our own media and we are not giving up until we get real reforms .
if feminists were really serious about their outrage there would be a groundswell & eruption to have all sex abuse works removed from our lives . no kevin spacey or weinstein films on netflix etc . just saying is about as effective as
nice to see all of these men supporting & taking responsibility for their part of rape culture . one thing to do now men :
i just posted my story on facebook and instant  message having the worst anxiety like i can t even imagine how the ladies feel being so public .
- instant  message inspired by women s voices coming out & speaking their truth . there is much power in us standing together .
and i agree . instant  message looking forward taking this conversation off  - line on wednesday with discussion at  . before read piece in on and ending  cc 
the scary thing about is the number of women who will brush off certain behaviors or moments as normal or question if it was wrong .
a local victim opens up about her experience with abuse saying speaking up is the first step to healing .
that s a huge reason i side eye the whole thing stories are just that : stories . name names or stop virtue signaling
i denial  of  normal  t usually do the  all  thing but all men are complicit in  > > we got serious reflection to do . bless .
this entire thing about all the these women are telling are causing for all who have been victimized but it  s also giving us a voice and strength we  ve been waiting for !
a powerful read . abused as a child . healing therapy finally as an adult . speaking out for others . 
must confront in all settings including health care . cannot happen without more advocates speaking up ! silence = complicity 
don 't want   to talk about it but it s hard not to feel inspired out of silence by all the brave people speaking out tonight . thank you all
- to folks who denial  of  normal  t feel ready : that  s a  - okay your feelings are valid experiences are real you denial  of  normal  t owe anyone anything etc .
hopefully by bringing attention to this it will make women ( and yes men too ) more comfortable in speaking up and not feeling shamed .
sexual assaul is the way some try to reign power over their victim . speaking up is the start of taking our power back .
come on bama babes roll that tide .  i believe in u .  i lived in ttown for  + years & worked at uab .  roy moore is a sick man & u must pick another to represent alabama proudly & morally history & your children will reflect proudly
it s changing because of brave women speaking up and saying my ex has had  serious relationships all  of us experienced dv .
everybody is speaking it against all harass men the point of was to highlight the sheer magnitude of women who are victims .
. . . on  terrifying occasion & problem on others when i just denied what was happening . sad we stay silent glad we  reply speaking up .
) i wrote about my events long before it was the popular thing to do . a bus exploitation was the entire story of
love to see women speaking up . hopefully more men will add their voices in the future . this needs to be all of us 
tried explaining a feminine struggle today . him : oh don 't start the it s because instant  message a woman thing likely to fall up on deaf ears
cause i  ve been there but if you  reply scared of speaking out like i was ask yourself if you  reply okay with that person assaulting .
when you start a mental list of moments and realize how long documenting them all would require . sadly it s an every day thing .
exactly ! appreciate u speaking so clearly on what this experience is like . your words do far more good than a hashtag .
women don 't always speak out because of the institutions of power they re up against . it s not easy speaking publicly of your experiences when death is a very real consequence .
if the movement gets rid of sexual predators that make women s lives hell then it s a fantastic thing regardless of their political views .
facebook s news feed is the worst . i want to see & support posts but it shows me only old news stories and page suggestion ads .
the scary thing .  this guy is a therapist . rape culture exists . be the change you want to see in the world . take a stand
thank you taylor hi rt h for speaking about sexual assault at our meeting tonight . your story and insight are inspiring .
keurig : thank you so much . as a child i grew up in the midst of numerous abuses . a late  - friend told me years ago after learning of the abuse i suffered that many of the laws to protect today were made on backs of those like me . you've made a difference too .
keep in mind i was a very shy girl not a wild thing with boys growing up . yet instant  message sure in their minds i must have wanted it all .
this answers the people who ask why we kenyan women didn t not resoundingly participate in me too campaign . the thing is kenyan women have doing their own me too for long but are dismissed devalued and deemed deluded . it is not a one event but daily continuous struggle
proud of my fierce & brilliant sister speaking out about brett ratner s disgusting actions 
aid workers speak out on assault : the un ngos donors  we  ve worked for them all and every situation has involved some level of sexual harassment or sexual violence on the part of our male colleagues 
do you know how much it sucked to go to catholic high school where uniforms were a thing and have to walk home past dudes every day ?
remember there are survivor stories you don 't know about . many voices silenced for fear of speaking out .  to fellow survivors .
because here  s a thing you might have forgotten about women being menaced or assaulted or beaten or raped : we think we might be murdered before it  s over . clear thinker rebecca solnit : let this flood of women s stories never cease  via
thank you ellen for speaking out sharing your story and bring voice to many other women . as woman i can feel your pain .
: men praised for their courage to speak up about their past abusive behaviour & women blamed for speaking up about being abused
i try . also and opening dialogue about these things is the best thing we can do to start the healing process .
yes absolutely .  i totally agree . but instant  message still wondering if you gave credit to the black woman who started askn for black women .
one thing my daddy told all us boys growing up is that when a girl told you no that s just what it meant no . rapists belong in jail . 
after hearing the story of this little boy .  i can t cry anymore about myself . harassed is one thing rape another but this child .
instant  message not just posting because instant  message sick of having to rip my heart open and expose the worst moments of my life
yeah his wife doesn t know a thing about the pervert she s married to just helps him cover his ass with an altered document 
perps don 't deserve platform ; survivors gain strength from collective voice so please don 't explain who should be speaking instead
when i started talking about it both my mom and mental health professional said the same thing unfortunately this does happen (
if moore wants to blame anyone it should be harvey weinstein for triggering the movement ! these women now feel safe to tell their story ! if you believed others these are probably true too !
+  1  0 s of fellow victims on subway :  all could see & hear man next to me doing his thing all thought we all had to endure .
are these moore supporters so stupid and isolated that they haven t noticed that the movement has been going on globally .  women & men reporting on previous sexual abuses from many years ago ? what is wrong with them .  nothing to do with his stupid upcoming election ? 
the stuff is so sad but it s good to see so many speaking out . we all rag on social media a lot but it can cause incredible openness
if a girl hangs out or you buy her dinner she does not owe you a sexual favor . in fact she doesn t owe you a fucking thing
instant  message so very sorry for what happened to you . i believe you . thank you for speaking up & sharing your story . i feel less alone because of your voice .
you made me cry because it brought back a flood of memories . too many of us are we can heal . it starts with speaking out thank you 
why is and allowing rapists like harry weinstein to run wild in ny . ny has worst sex abuse laws in usa .
i  have loved oth for many years now and to hear that the ladies of the show have suffered be there  soon leaves me feeling so angry for you . thank   you for opening up . his to   represent is in tatters the weight is off your shoulders . you all can have the last laugh . much love x
we need to stop judging those who have been sexually assaulted for not speaking out soon enough . for some it takes years to find the courage others decades and still others a lifetime . 
my  year old self was violated by a close family friend . this is my first time speaking it and i feel so guilty . he did it to others .
thread : part part responding to comments  - i think she meant well and that it s a hard thing to express in words . but .
so sick of this . instead of focusing on how we dress how about focusing on educating these males to be respectful human beings ? keep speaking up ladies we stand with you .
the needing of evidence of evidence is thing of the past . our legal system has been butt raped it now needs a
my story of speaking up reply : child sex abuse at my former baptist church in dallas . i know of at least  predators there 
i agree thank you dani & robin but do you have proof or a confession is important to think about sharing trauma without sharing names can occur for healing purposes . this me too trend isn t helpful if it leads to libel lawsuits for the victim .
if the thing continues like it is now i have a feeling it s going   to prove that politics and politicians will be immune from the ( i fear ) temporary effects from
speaking out and creating positive change so that athletes are safe is more important than any olympic medal you could ever win  -  3 x  - champion on sexual abuse
i was equally shamed and blamed by women as men when i spoke up against a tenured professor . my academic career was ruined but i  ll never stop speaking up anyway .
this is awful . the paternalistic approach . the fake intimacy . the fake empathy . the jokes ? but worst of all by far the touch to comfort as if the percentage of patients who are survivors doesn t matter . as if doctors aren t why some say 
this brings back so many bad memories from my acting days . speaking out reply harvey weinstein
will the please do the right thing and step aside also ? apparently has led a perfect life without even  story .
instant  message not specifically speaking of roy moore . instant  message just saying this whole campaign opens the door for fraud .
to be clear i think it s fine to be a part of the thing instant  message just fucking tired of doing this . it s not me who has to change .
brilliance in content & style by giving up alcohol opened my eyes to the infuriating truth about why drink . the part on speaking in a panel is priceless !
i applaud these women for speaking out . it  s very brave and takes courage . as men we need to call out other men we see doing this .
my whole thing about is i feel like women are comparing getting cat called to getting raped . the two feel very different trust me .
an honor to meet elizabeth smart who is speaking at by u tonight . she is sharing her powerful story and her thoughts on
instant  message proud of you my friend for coming forward and hope it encourages other men  come forward as well . this is not just a woman thing
probably the hardest thing i  ve ever done . also took a  mental health  day for the first time in my life . never thought i  d need that .
this is the biggest thing instant  message taking from the me too stuff . i have to start calling out dudes who say dumb shit . 
let them fall ! let speak freely . let them be loud and brave . let everyone have to listen . speak truth . time is irrelevant . when s and why s are irrelevant . the only thing that matters is
sending the little girl in you a big hug with love the little girl in me who also says thank u  speaking out ! 
the subject matter is definitely not funny .  .  however watching these old dinosaurs stuck sweating and basically scared wondering who s going down next freaking hilarious ! do your thing
. did ed henry date  year olds ? is this a thing in alabama ? cringing the crazy awkward experiences in my memory  - sexual predators on notice !
i wish the press would stop treating as a woman thing . it s about letting victims of abuse coercion and intimidation of any gender speak about their experiences .
much respect to everyone sharing stories . instant  message sure it can t be easy to do so . speaking on behalf of all men we must be better .
sexual violence knows no race class or gender but the response to sexual violence does .  - founder of speaking at
so .  i haven t done the thing because i got harassed at a party this weekend .  so .  posting shit on twitter changes nothing .
i agree . i hope so . what instant  message saying is that this is a deeply ingrained belief that underlies every facet of our culture . church came first . then hollywood . to dig it out is critical . you may notice the church is totally silent on 
one article i agree with ! when i worked for a banking investment firm it was a male dominated work place and the discrimination and harassment was on a daily basis ! it not only effects you but your whole family ! you really have no place to turn without retaliation .
is the sort of thing that makes all the shit you deal with on social media kind   of worth it . inspiring and brave stories from all .
speaking i  have tried to protect my sons from a mother who molested them brought the topic to her show ignored me .
if has taught us anything it s that we desperately need to figure out how to bring justice to survivors of sexual assault . good thing new book is here to give us some guidance .
instant  message so glad you re okay and so glad that key card didn t work . thank you for speaking out i admire your strength .
first time i realized sexual harassment was a thing :  years old getting whistle at by grown men driving by as i walked home
thank you to the brave men and women who are speaking up and fighting against any form of sexual abuse . sending love and light .
reminder : for every famous man who sexually abuses women there are thousands of unknown men across the globe doing the same exact things . there are survivors suffering in silence or who have spoken up but have gotten no justice .
and it s something i  have been struggling with for far too long . instant  message getting help but sexual assault is a hard thing to deal with .
i mean he s admitted to being a creep for a long time . and this story has been out for years . i don 't think the veracity of this story is in question at all . i think showed everyone how widespread sexual harassment is . it s going   to take out a lot of people . and that s okay .
one thing we can thank the groper in chief for  - victims were triggered of memories of their assaults & declared enough ! power in our numbers giving voice to many . 
in honor domestic violence awareness month the brave wome speaking up about sexual assault discrimination harassment thank you
/ and the angel departed from her with admonition s to keep her mouth shut for who would believe a girl anyway or a woman for that matter or scores of them and great multitudes speaking as one crying out
i stand to the anthem of brave women speaking up & exposing those disgusting male sexual predators . next station : the white house . 
agree ! we need the age group i work with (   s ) & younger ! are savvy & need to stay informed . they are our future n need the investment of our time . our has raised question let  s tell them the truth then register them
i think it  s effected me so much right now because an acquaintance of mine who is also a rape survivor just committed suicide last weekend . the last fb post of mine that she commented on was part of the campaign . it was the last thing she said to me .
mental health like sexual assault and domestic violence is colorless . we can release & remove the shame by speaking truth .
shameful .  but proud of the brave women speaking up . hope these cases are thoroughly investigated and predators like denial  of  normal shooter face serious consequences . 
it  s about time . obviously entertainment industry is wrought with sexual harass men but our lawmakers are guilty of that same behavior . thank   you for speaking out ! 
thank you lupita . this honest piece includes part of why we don 't tell . he offered her a massage . she offered to give him one instead .  not that she wanted to . this doesn t make it consensual . we are smaller than men . i once offered an attacker a ride in my car . because 
one thing makes abundantly clear we need feminism & we need it now ! many don 't understand what feminism is . in feminism is for everybody bell hooks provides an excellent accessible explanation . is for 
ugh . one last thing in this thread . you want us women to stop being afraid of men and posting stories ? stop doing this misogynistic bullshit . you re only adding to our stories .
thank you for coming out . i was between the ages of  and  and it happened over  times ( in a foster home ) . all victims initially blame themselves but the worst part was dealing with the aftermath of stockholm syndrome where one really feels complicit .
if you  ve been assaulted or harassed please know that i believe you and i support you . you are not alone . please reach out for help if you need it . these have been some triggering times . please take care of your mental health .
as a survivor of military sexual trauma instant  message speaking up for every service member male or female who has been assaulted or harassed
i  have been called a feminist for speaking up about sexual abuse . really ? what  the  fuck is wrong with you ? try calling me a human asshole .
the most bullshit thing i  have seen on social media the past couple of days is the men tweeting their ally  - ship for this is not your moment .
is not a pawn for dems i trust their reporting . have u read the article ? i can relate to women coming out decades later we are braver as we get older . we are braver because of other brave women speaking up .
starting to see a shift twds speaking up with asking for help and self  - advocacy . let  s keep the momentum going and teach young children these skills
speaking out about sexual assault is never easy but i  ve been telling my story for  years . when i discovered that my rapist had viewed my linkedin profile i decided to name him . nothing stops a bully like 
i was sexually assaulted by the campus rapist of the moment during freshman year at the ohio state university . osu did the right thing by prosecuting him . i didn  t talk about it because i was broken for years .
people denial  of  normal  t realize how support goes a long way . it should also be a two  - way thing . i  m on that let  s grow together type stuff .
if has taught us anything it s that we must fix our broken sexual culture . good thing unscrewed : women sex power and how to stop letting the system screw us all is finally here  - congratulations to
i find it disturbing that you had to qualify saying  seriously assaulted  . i mean this is also why i didn  t participate in the thing . it  s like almost all of us have been sexually assaulted in some way ( grope up etc . ) but unless it  s rape it  s not  serious  ?
thing about is to see a handful  of straight men acknowledge their male privilege & consider change . to baby steps ! to change !
i agree with joy instant  message tired of being sexualized instant  message  and have large breasts and have since the  6 th grade just because i look a certain way doesn t mean i like men making sexual comments .
pizza hut take : first time that kap didn t stand for the anthem he was sitting on the bench . he wasn t starting and was just pissed about this fact . when the media caught him sitting he made up the whole not standing because of being oppressed thing and just ran with it
mark levin calls for + to resign as they do nothing about sexual harassment going on and hidden in congress for a long time . mark calls them  predators predators .  i agree . and notice silence of
my god my darling . i am so sorry . i admire you for speaking up . you are believed . you are supported . you are loved albeit the new love  - social media . thank you for sharing your story !
ladies . there are some amazing guys out there . they are the ones speaking up in choruses right now showing their true appreciation and respect for you and the awesomeness that you do and not expecting anything in return . to those guys i say thank you .
let s unpack this roy moore .  trump is supposed to call roy ( trump an admitted sexual predator ) moore and tell him to drop out  - for being a sexual predator  - i d love to hear that call .  the gop is a dying party in  .
a return to feminism is needed . not the watered down variety but the real thing . what is that ? listen to feminism is for everybody by bell hooks & find out ! on sale until nov .  ! download now . usa note these are cad $ !  
eco feminism . my poem lechery was written in response to the me too campaign .  the many emotions aroused  - anger sorrow and delight that women are at last speaking out . lechery full poem can be seen on fb page .
with everything happening in the last few weeks ( i didn t expect such a backlash when i used my voice and spoke up for myself after my assault in vegas . so i am speaking up even louder with this video and web log . 
when you have conversations with some of your students admitting yes i am a and you think my mom was a and you hope someday soon we can get to a place where this isn t a thing anymore because you desperately don 't want those students to be too .
man shouting is literally a perfect encapsulation of why i hate him . this is the guy who called erin andrews a gutless bitch shouts at co  - hosts and is generally terrible . the only person i hate more is felger . this whole thing is terrible . 
we must break through fear of speaking up by educating girls about what violation looks like . no one told me i should  ve gotten the license plate of the man who called me over to his car and asked me my bra size at age  . that  s how it starts .
and with the whole thing we are finally beginning to understand the magnitude with which sexual assault occurs in the workplace . this is something that women have knows for years but haven t had the platform to expose until recently .
so funny how sources affect perspective . i denial  of  normal  t see libs or dems defending any of these pigs be they hollywood or r  s . women finally speaking out . is working
you know who should actually be saying everyone who has demanded a name evidence the other side of the story or simply looked the other way . victims have been speaking up this whole time . how have you been responding ?
i also never really considered some of the things i went through ( some more recently than others ) a big deal because it was not violent in the traditional sense . the thing was really the first time i even bothered to de compartment alize any of it .
the real leaders are speaking up . i am grateful that we are talking about the issues instead of hiding from them . i see so much liberation and heart and help happening in my feeds today .
yes watching tara na burke on cnn now on allyship and system change . speaking up for survivors finally being heard  - moving to healing with 
i haven t been this thoroughly disappointed and disgusted by the news that just keeps breaking since sandusky . and folks  was elected since then . but victims keep speaking out . show them who s boss . well back your play !
when i was in college a   - year  - old married man & father of two grabbed my butt as he passed me on the street . when i spoke up to him in self defense he punched me in the mouth . sadly my story is not unique & far from the worst of them .
speaking as a survivor this kind of crap by moore is classic . it  s  of the many reasons we denial  of  normal  t report . and guys like moore bank on that . for many victims it  s danged if you do danged if you denial  of  normal  t . 
hugs for your bravery and tears for what you endured that forced you to be brave . it shouldn  t hurt to be young not even for one second .  + million hashtags in a week is not okay . thanks for speaking up .
for all of those who have been reading tweets consider sending a thank you note to the partners in your life who have treated you with sexual respect . they need to hear they ve done the right thing .
the most important thing is to have more voices at the table . you ve seen the power of people sharing their stories through now let s come together to all be a part of creating better workplaces schools communities & etc . see you in an hour . 
it s here !  if has taught us anything it s that we desperately need to figure out how to fix our broken sexual culture . good thing unscrewed : women sex power and how to stop letting the system screw us all is finally here . let s do this .
if has taught us anything it s that we desperately need to figure out how to fix our broken sexual culture . good thing unscrewed : women sex power and how to stop letting the system screw us all is finally here . let s do this .
slut shaming a sexual assault victim is the only thing worse than slut  - shaming in general . i  know it s a girl but it stands for men too .
the best thing you will see today . union hotel housekeepers in seattle and now chicago organized against sexual harassment in the rooms they clean and won laws protecting from it . unions win . 
if nobody speaks up nothing changes . women are finally speaking up . i like to quote peter finch in the movie network  - were mad as hell and were not going to take it any more . i talk to about sexual harassment 
a lot of my retweets have my snarky comments above them . i side  - eye this whole thing . it s attention seeking behavior & i don 't buy that these women finally want   to come forward on social media of all places .
i wanted to become a cop and did a ride a long at  ended up being in an affair with a married man  years older than me . he manipulated a child and it was wrong . i know now that it was wrong of him so don 't blame someone for not speaking until years later .
one of the best investors i know absolutely crushes it in the public and private markets . she is a woman . and she just had to put up with the below garbage on a day like today when is speaking truth to power . the violence runs deep . the system must be rebuilt .
instant  message making a comparison .  we believe the women in these other accounts don 't we ? wasn t there a big thing going on ? so we should only believe women that accuse celebrities and political figures but not athletes ? just saying the hypocrisy is pretty thick
seeing tara na burke being interviewed on so glad to see her getting her due for starting this movement of speaking up and out against sexual harassment and violence to men and women . it must stop
and  + women accused cosby  + women accused trump don 't c are is plagued with sexual assault as is academia silicon valley etc . and the beat goes on . when will women be believed  - whether it is one woman or a hundred speaking up ?
no i asked all my women friends if they had had a truly awful time with men recently after the thing most said not at all . but i would maintain that this is the general impression young women are getting from their feminist elders . worldwide is a big demographic .
oh shit dude my bad . totally misinterpreted it . i thought you were referring to the celebs who were posting photos of themselves at the age they were abused saying ; i completely agree . total exploitation and also weird of the media . sorry brother i know your
shame of speaking out kept me from silent till college . the secret of childhood trauma lead to years of self hate . silence can kill .
i didn  t realize the thread was only for women and they  d appointed a close minded women to police it on social media . now that i know the whole thing is tainted somehow . we wouldn  t know about kevin spacey had it not been for the hashtag but i guess that doesn  t matter .
i watched this interview this morning . i was touched when the host apologized to heather . so few people are willing to do that these days . apologies and admitting you were wrong goes a long way . thank you heather and to your son for speaking out
do you hear that ? it s the sound of our sisters resisting with blood sweat & tears with voices raised crossing the chasm of what came before with the radical idea of equality of empowerment of speaking truth and being believed
my heat hurts my eyes weep i am tired to this day the words that hurt me the most were when my dad didn t believe me when i told him my ex husband punched me in front of my daughter . it s still the only thing i can t forgive .
i will say this only once ! for all those trying to dissect my rape keep  in  touch my story tell me about myself i repeat this was a cover up done by colin kaepernick & his friends etc i have plenty more proof of it i only showed  thing so far my rape keep  in  touch doc !
the women pleaded me too ! believe women ! but none of the men listened . then the man who had done the bad thing raised his hand and said these stories are true . the men nodded their heads and one reached into his satchel and took out a big book . so in the bible .
teacher  watching : i bought this guitar because last weekend i was sexually assaulted . i thought of whether i should say something or not but i find strength in speaking up and suffering in silence . i have always been the person who speaks up and i can  t imagine not doing that . 
digital has given women a platform for their voices to be heard . the most recent example is the movement . women are speaking out loud and clear and not being shouted down anymore thanks to the empowering nature of the digital space . 
keep your door open so students can t make accusations . vs trusted people have subjected students to sexual threat and violence . closed doors escalate that fear : will a bad thing happen again ? after will the advice to change ?
celebrate these voices girls boys women & men the scale of the night sky speaking out defying telling one another dark brave stories nourishing cherishing one another empowering all of our children raising them up with i believe you i believe you i believe you
all of these brave amazing women who are speaking now will save lives will empower others to say no will educate will make possible the disintegration of this awful epidemic & hopefully lead to full criminal prosecution of any & all abusers .
while the current wave of people speaking up and saying is important and necessary ; it s also true that there will be people simply making up stories for money an attention . sadly that also makes it difficult for people to speak out when it actually does happen to them .
yeah he s wrong . weinstein has suffered but he is way past due on that .  decades past due . justice delayed is justice denied some say . but hey better delayed than not at all . i support from the start because speaking must be made safer .
since hollywood is speaking up against sexual assault & harassment it  s time to start addressing it in academia . having tenure shouldn  t be a free pass to prey on those in vulnerable positions including the ability to ruin careers .
/ i will leave you all with this denial  of  normal  t ever feel you are worthless and alone . survival means strength . keep speaking out . sexual abuse doesn  t have a race gender religion or political affiliation . be strong sisters and brothers . god bless
since hollywood is finally speaking up against sexual assault & harassment it  s time to start addressing it in academia . having tenure should not be a free pass to prey on those in more vulnerable positions including the ability to ruin careers .
the good thing that came out of harvey weinstein and trump is that for media and democrats is much more difficult to apply double standards : clinton vs trump ( hillary vs general petraeus clinton vs trump ( russia ) moore vs menendez . etc
then there are the groper s .
why haven t you blocked him ? first of all i shouldn t have to .
at first you flatter me then you disgust me
and she ll be pence you will have been impeached .
were you  ?
i was   -   and  .
any at the
spokesperson sir patrick stewart .
but we still
this . 
should expand your practice to sc ;
me too !
to the scumbag salesmen when i was
and were here for you . 
abso fuckin lutely it does .
me too .
is a
it was on  if anyone s counting . 
yes me too .  
is the year we say and
slams arrest warrant issued as bulls h*t   via
john travolta was dus next . 
. on and the 
another one bites the dust . 
dropping knowledge ! i second this to 
points to hufflepuff !
andrew deane
i  m arriving late and christa i am here
 and he shall rule over you  : the genesis of via
( the roots ) 
but also
holly richardson : via 
so many too many . and
woohoo ! for 
he bragged about it 
- a drop in a bottomless bucket
all are among those who can say and i empathize with them all . 
connecting with  via
most of us frankly !
too often for too many .
 what do you make of this ?
. honoring because we are all
to tea or not to tea . zo simpel is het !
late .  but me m f king too .
promoted by
this i am with 
insider  - is out ! 
huh ! who da thunk it ? !  
frustrating . 
.  but also 
& with
all of it . 
this this this . 
that  s what .
replacing with this year .
the brief : eu 
another 
very few ? did you miss the 
reese witherspoon
commentary : why isn t enough : ( via
. and  .
stop it ! 
here s sermon on what judaism says about and 
now it s cataclysmic !
more on 
this should be with 
same .  and
so in an effort to be more authentic .
i might be late for this but
we will be here for you samara r
never again !
me too ! which is why i do what i do !
ever since i was
that s
fantastic  m . entrepreneur ship : winning skip labs transforming under  - reping
is the untended kettle .
across the pond too ! 
this is a very meaningful continuation of
is a of
yes this . 
why some hesitate to say 
matthew bishop
susan and chris beesley : promote ultimate retirement breakthrough offer ==>>
mesa hears all of the
when will enough be enough
bodoh malaysian motorist vb8524 parked illegally  2  0 oct2017 parking pj jln sultan  standard chartered bank
me too : in therapie
because there are many more of us .  
this !
robert kan dell on and authentic connection via
this must stop
many blessings to her  - 
q5 : what does say about
one is too many but too many have more than one .
this is fabulous ! 
/ in conclusion
. is the racist and a rodeo clown
because i can t say 
you blocked it out . a coping tool . on that as well
who hasn t ?
why is this hashtagged me too ?
by from :
.  this . 
may be late but yes
embrace who you are !  
another one 
has a 
 it s everywhere and it has to stop !
this is 
she  s just not that into you
& with for &
yes to all of this ! nails it . 
why some of us hesitated to say
if then 
but also and 
why some of us hesitated to say  -
yes . this . and 
what she said and 
fire now !
tim finished his lunch !
but also 
like nobody ever misled us about 
because this isn  t over yet .
so yes dammit me too . 
when the says via
do not oppress others but do not be oppressed & do not oppress yourself .
what else is there to say about it except
it s just the 
i was  . he was  . had the instinct to kick him off .
me too and
i was   -  and then again when i was
me two .
and now 
what to do ? artikel bron
it shouldn t be is should be
the that by 
i won t say where or when but
| breanna stewart 
obessed
. how about all of us too ?
not but ew .
like so many others
unites the 
may ? !  um not may have does have . 
you are a warrior .
flight attendant says 
the unforgiving minute : 
maybe late but
what ? .  
i said when i was  and no one cared .  via
me too me too
 i overcame myself the sufferer ; i carried my own as he s to the mountains ; i invented a brighter flame for myself . 
i have been there . i  m through it . i  m here .
and that is all .
enough is enough
and you were one of it s most corrupt judges ! 
to all of the from all of the
 expanded 
roman polanski : topless protesters disrupt paris retrospective 
demonstration in downtown stockholm sweden via
i was  he was over  .
agencies not exempt from by 
restraining orders didn  t do anything yet .
yes he did . so did she .
nailed it ! 
north texans say
if you say then i say  - if you can t say it ( yet or ever ) too
it s why many of us legislators have declare
i am so sickened are condoning & while condemning enough is enough . 
who is your 
pinned to pins from instagram on
birds of a feather .  
warrant for your arrest !
from to
photojournalism | by clary estes via vis ur a 
for all the minors
infinity 
i was  . and again  . and again  .
what else is there to say ?
that last sentence says it all
and because i  have been there .
( and
i was just
. more than once .
this is a firestorm and this is not over .
dilbert classics by scott adams  via
it was . it was . it was .
the metamorphosis by kafka
and many many other theater folk .
( psst .  this is me  
this 
but forgiveness is manageable .
if you we are here for you .
there are only so many obscenities one can utter here !
julia heartless  - bruiser is at it again
thankfully no
she says natural selection from alice glass  - ep by alice glass on itunes
and now is about this too !
sean !  and are also curious . as is
when is used as a punishment for mutual follows
this
& the of apologies via
i am advocating with .
connie kr app : how many generations of
this is why
for years and years .
when instead should be enough .
congressional react to 
yes and her . 
and
 & the influence on the wage gap  
just another stolen innocence .   via
let the avalanche begin .
yes ma am ! we are relentless
this ! 
and me  and me
me too me too me too
and you . and you . 
 the is a marion cotillard
 instead of
let the records reflect ! 
me too ! ( not that
by ministers
this too .  no less ! 
and that s all i can say about that .
 sally hemings   -
when scientists say me too 
years from now beyonce will be like
what s me too ?
( illustration from
originated from  via
have a seat 
this must stop .
i shouldn t be the one that s embarrassed .
or
there it is
replace with etc .
don 't let the bastards grind you down .
tw exit .
i was  and on my freaking paper route .
i was  she was  me too
this headline says so so much . 
most of us perhaps all of us . me too .
apropos of
to all of you out there
not but  via
i was fourteen too .
from  .
the essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself  - jane addams 
why some of us hesitated to say | alternet 
when i was
both . 
more than once
that s a relief !  
he is not the only one
because i can  t introduce myself yet
it s a rude awakening for followers
.  lucy .  a tradition .
on slacktivism and 
this is all for now but 
been there . enough said .
to late now bannon 
they are busy with 
yes !  beautifully said .
it must stop .
at knifepoint . 
so is on us . all of us too .
why i haven  t said  via
now what do we do with this ?
- and you . and you . 
i am both and
one year .
but for have several s 
it  s been years .
new jersey criminologist : 
? or ?
gut  - wrenching . 
by
such a tease
where was in all these scandals ?  -
hypocrite brainless bitches 
millions of us . maybe even most . 
. this m on    -
were all here for each other
one can dream
where are fellas 
from
now by 
can t or won t say me too . 
meanwhile in egypt .  
and no more !
and at the conference in fort lauderdale .
where is the rage ? 
he would never do that is inexcusable .
me too . me too .
. is donating all residuals to non  - profit ! 
we are not what they did to us .
we must cultivate our garden
and how us is reacting to
from to from now on
and also .  
is to what is to
we are both facs duh
in mexico in the us in europe in the caribbean .
for the file :
while riding the tram in istanbul .
hol  up
i will never recover . 
yes charles . it is .
retweeting because this has to stop . 
you could just say no . i did . but how did you say it ?
just leaving this here . 
been there .  slipped out of that .
here s my
another aspect on 
undoubtedly
and while i  m at it :
bodoh malaysian motorist w  s parked illegally  2  0 oct2017 parking pj jln sultan  standard chartered bank
. on joni mitchell new inspirations and for
my two cents on via  - 
oiled up on three  - martini lunches .  
it s not as much as { galatians  :  }
.  many others ?
here  s the  why  for 
francine hardaway on scoble and and more . 
by gst and demon it ization
indeed . for every there is an i did 
1  9  8  0 s in co prof dr . phelps
to enough ! 
that s me !  
robert kan dell on and authentic connection
too many occasions to recount .
nope . not what he said .
yes . me too . 
      from  - me too . suggested by a 
to craftsy make fashion fabric .
how about instead of 
what an anthem . 
you re not cooperating
there are many of us ! 
it wasn t and never will be our faults .
also this :
weekly covers & .
you are not trash .
it has to end with us .
this . this . 
and newton
it s everywhere ! 
at       and  .
jennifer lawrence reese witherspoon say 
a belated
for recovery
the seismic implications of  via
me too and i
this is my 
there are too many of us .
motherly instinct  via
representing and representing myself and others .
shouldn  t be an enabler of these legislators .
and about 
facts . 
 you are not the weather  
basically .
about
abso freakin lou tely ! 
excited to be checking this out : now what ? 
rees with e spoon
and yes 
heforshe thematic champion
years of advertising .  years of comedy .
that s all
more than once !
he blocked
one can only dream . 
let become to
more than once .
here is my 
sri lanka must be contemplating
they all enable each other .
from : .
. weighs in on jewelry maker who capitalized on for $$ :
when does or kick in in % contracting or fte or pte employment agreements ? 
now this i can say
and 
where do come from ? 
expanded  sonic theology 
confessions of a teenage masturbator  via
and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and you and it s until you   all do too . 
 by 
same ! it  s been  years since . 
and too many of us 
who is next ?
why any disparity ? why not all at  ?  
and so you should be
what is operation mockingbird ? 
and it must stop !
made me throw up 
that  s all .
it s 
cracks up
from to 
understatement of the millennium : 
i was  then again at  and again at  .
all of this and ditto 
yours sincerely .
why ? 
or or or 
this : 
and who cares ?
me too . 
should be labeled : or not & or not
how about + othr what of we and other
- another allegation 
a wolf in sheeps clothing is n't  it
what is this 
more than once . 
shaka when the walls fell .
this is tragic this is stop the harrasment !
or him .
powerfully graphic cartoon from 
sardar abdul ch is a poetry
after then what ? proactive prevention
another one ! 
if they were armed they wouldn t be another
there must be pieces of me just floating out there in the ether 
it can be anyone .
rebel wilson stood up on saturday and said
 and  and all that follows .
yes ! all of us .
songs that say me too 
to both 
because i had to shield myself
was
this .
say it louder !
enough is enough !
enough is enough .
district of columbia
sd mcduff is out ! 
aid for modest hosts such as
my dearest 
me too . over and over .
shouldn t have let him in my apartment . 
meanwhile responds to 
from * * *
via though . 
ultimately hiv is the objective for all of us . 
the origin of 
and i will miss them
no here ? 
because i  m at my with  s end but it  s a loop
the ragin asian weighs in on 
is there a for democrats ?
it may be superfluous by now but
this is not abnormal . it should be . 
is frances  - the atlantic 
for ten endless years now
from :
when the says | via
he she they ze xe
here  s the and in a nutshell .
and musings by via 
we are with you
also this .
( also insufferable about pronunciation of macaron and crpe )
the one and only ber 
with of
what else is new ?
me too
also 
within seconds of it being there
this !  
so arrogant . what did you do to and ?  
but i cheated ! 
gaslight q & a
because i censor what i say to my neighbors
owning up to | 
touches 
enough said
me too but him though
is the of
yes me too
don 't ever misinterpret my niceness for weakness
because one more is too many .
me too .  
and to clarify
congratulations on being the spark that lit the fire .
and yes
barry norman
he them .
another one bites the dust ! 
there you have it and
.  enough is enough .
me too 
but that should be assumed .
in broad daylight : 
angelo  - luxury stylist
anyone still propping up is an accessory .
over and over again .
it is all around us and has always been around us 
so . much . yes ! 
you motherfuckers louder than a guyanese domino match with and
tanya new bould on 
the seismic implications of 
 it  s not by 
this in in
how are not pictured with
what ? !  why ? !  i am questioning my whole existence !
an orthopedic pediatric resident .
observations on my and 
honey wouldn t we all ? is a and
what about orange turd
every semester when i enrolled i d have a reoccurring nightmare that he would be in one of my classes .
should be a catalyst towards removing in stem ?
a prayerful reflection on by 
this is my  -  
too much 
it  s not too late .
kate maltby and the madness of 
tempted .  
do you like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ?
but blocked it out every time . 
discussed the movement on
i called him out he responded & blocked
check this out for an aggregated result
you may just now be realizing that you are in a type
because it s always been time for this conversation .  i scorn fully say
me too .   and  . times all but a select few refused to believe me .
maybe he was just being friendly
has jumped the pond ? bravo !
suddenly is now tagged
attempt at humor . 
which is richly deserved . 
& it wasn t my clothes . it never is .
pass it on .  
it is everywhere and ever present .
air  - conditioning .
.  from united nations to fortune 100 corporations .
is everybody 
when jerry sandusky was my coach .
ep .  in general .  out now 
and much more frequently since transitioning from a secular field to ministry and theology .
because my jaw is constantly tight
me too and it sucks .
isn t dangerous . if this is slander then slander is dangerous .
new : i prey by via
we are not objects we are not inferior we are not prey
even congresswoman have to say 
protection for in the 
and did i mention ?
explosive chau van ism revealed 
he s not an addict . he s a criminal and a bastard .
bruno chat elin
when will stop defending ? 
santa barbara schools on track 
i personally have had enough
me  .  is ivanka the only one who hasn  t tweeted ?
in the midst of we are reminded that i am because we are .
one after another .  the banality of silicon valley types of catharsis . !  
she is  correct ! 
make lewd suggestions to me and i ll blow your block off ! not
or the hump effect since this is what he believes he s a master at . 
agreed .
agreed . 
agreed and
agreed 
seemingly an alinsky attack piggy backing the sensation
on a bunk bed in a hostel in poland .
 you must bare the burden to .  
as an undergrad i had earned a  gpa in all five years of a solid physics and engineering program .
capital of cruelty no more . rule of in ends  - on
robin p lemmons s photo
driving others to christ through barnyard innuendo  - pink ard & bowden 
without prominent under this is 
.  we can t demand for inclusiveness and then not be inclusive ourselves .
stockard channing in apologia on london s west end . tickets at
are you acting fast enough ?
by paulina french
computer repair
michael fox
by paulina french 
counting the monsters .
this ep is so timely
are necessary 
another asshole bites the dust . 
. never perform a ve unless it  s necessary ( hint : it  s never  necessary ) .
because it  s not easy and i  m not either
anthony & asia bye brett &
it s easy .  very .  easy .
this isn t easy but 
as hug from me to
me too . in a purple dress no less . 
we the generation have had enough
has become a i ws commenting on and they stopped me from commenting
i was nine then i was    .  now i  m  . it hasn  t stopped . it has to stop .
commentary : flared but won t endure : via
were joining w / others for gathering  sun   -   am
it s like death by a million paper cuts .
and this enlightened soul . 
it leaves you with a crack in your soul .
comedian actors presidents .
death penalty . 
this stings my soul .
resistance is my duty .  -
but i am in charge of my own narrative .
this aptly describes the possible outcome stupidity of all these whiny chicks 
to all who said or could  ve but chose not to :
just watched rosie perez on and she s a freaking queen .
me too or me to that s the the next decade .
i just published  
i just published  expanded  
i just published  what to actually do about and why  
yes same here . oops i meant
because there isn  t always an escape button
incisive spot  - on reflections on from via 
linda the awesome
this is so spot  - on . 
you are awesome .
spot on .
and they paid for it ! 
promoted by universal orlando fats domino paid
promoted by universal orlando fats domino paid in
still not enough space .  
crying for you
i didn t even realize it was harrasment until years later . 
on that note .
not likely . mrs  is still being victimized . 
the reaches new lows 
the project
for the record
csj is out ! we welcome your editorials at
exchange of empathy 
let s stir the pot a bit shall we ?
squeal of the pig . 
it is pervasive . 
o  reilly files  million defamation lawsuit over fac .
o reilly is one the lowest 
shouldn t he be expelled anyway ?
we shouldn t have to but i will anyway . 
loving & on just now discussing infertility fashion and just oozing w /
discussing now 
it is vital that you survive this . 
keeping my fingers crossed !
most recently : 
why could redefine  masculinity  for generations .
columbia university
thankfully not recently . but so much so often . 
will there be one for gold diggers ? 
seems to become mainstream s as gold lounge
these are our lawmakers .  
my butthole hurts
is frances in the land of the insouciant shoulder shrug it might have .  via
i  m guessing talese did not participate in he prefers .
it still hurts .
publically and in private .
. minister plans new which would fine
i don 't usually do this but .
letters to the editor  neo  - nazis winter snow removal and
we are all of us standing with you . 
randomly violated by anna
because i am not only standing up for myself .
i will be standing . 
new republic editor falls to 
 turn into   - for
let s turn into
let  s turn into
turn it on now . 
accepting lifetime achievement award nbc  s andrea mitchell says
an eastern perspective 
forbes coaches : how to turn into
too painful to recount
let  s fix this now
are we clear now ? 
because this isn  t a joke .
but it  s actually simple .
it  s not a compliment . it  s not a joke
well that s .  sympathetic . not always  - rarely  - that simple .
. on version of 
are we allowed to like mel gibson yet ? 
it has become increasingly clear to me in the last two years that the imposition of masculine energy .
clear them out ! 
new column is up ! from to reclaiming the pleasure of 
this made me cry .
the all new gop = guardians of pedophilia !
my column on is over on huffpo now 
what i learned from
what i learned from via 
searching for ithaka : makes a mess out of feminism 
& i by ! do you resonate allies offering as a bridge from to
me too  - videos  - this hour has  minutes 
albertine | festival albertine   feminism has no boundaries  
preciate the allies . 
priyanka chopra on what changes after  - lifestyle  - 
are you massaging your pussy enough ?
 there are no whistleblower rights in oklahoma .
so here we have it an offended pussy
and trial by mob 
and trial by mob
she  s  and brought down over  s c . e . o . what  s next ?
and so it continues and continues . 
the torrent continues
next we d . the imperative with continues
and the cycle continues .
poker is no excuse for a cheap stare down
this is wonderful . of
how about mps on our hill ? 
temporary or permanent .  physical incapacity .
we r humans !  all !  
. just some linking data in which covers many surfaces . 
thoughtful analysis ( w / data repo ) : emojis of by
and my journey has forever been impacted
blasts sympathizer  complicity ! 
convicted pedophile victor salva was hired by disney to direct supernatural drama  powder . 
smoking all the rapists out !  
no it s not about what you did . he s the one who stepped out of line and this is on him . 
from opened the floodgates . what now ? 
how is still not trending ?
there s another trending .
meredith stone : calls us to repentance  via
where do you draw the line ?
it counts . 
on all counts . 
if you are questioning whether or not it counts it counts .
whatever about the details .
rsvp :  juma khan i on quran  - focused islam ! details on icsc sisterhood circle  suppor 
carrie fisher remains my hero . 
from to no more  -  - sign the pledge ! 
chair joseph mcnamara : resign  - r i them  2 and vice chair joseph delorenzo  - sign the petition !  via
does a bathroom sign in a pizza shop promote via
at the un  via
does bathroom sign in a pizza shop promote
at the un
lauren sivan is a hero
me too monologues audition sign  - up sheets here ! 
where is the lie ?
rally
because i was jumped by four and fought them off because i was so heated about you .
sigh :
sigh . 
it s not because of anything you were wearing .
sigh
sigh me too
sigh .
i was wearing a pink nightgown . i was  .
sigh ! the alternative to according to
me too . sigh . yes 
building on 
goed stuk van over campus activis me . 
4 sports  1  9  7  0 s
liberal test : who is more revolting or explain !
this is excellent .  
i was center
and entirely fed up with how many of the perpetrators were progressives or democrats .
should rethink money from boies schiller flex n e r 
again and again and again . in six cities across four countries across three continents .
boston herald editorial : won  t be enough
that  s a me too i forgot about .
this summer .
and the underlying contradictions of patriarchy  via
can we reward wisdom ? there is a science to it .
because a dog marks territory by pissing you marked yours with less than that .
meanwhile in civilized countries .  
i pray for sanity
her too . when privilege bestows the antithesis of being the exception .
f $ ck you 
is anyone seeing this ?
adding a few tags for visibility . 
city images is out ! 
no statute of limitations . never too late to be clean .
resources for those experiencing from
the culprits should also confess and come  - clean .
on the subway with what  s the password ?
tomorrow ! 
the hair says it all !  
| romans   -  | fbc temple terrace | strongholds series |  
how is showing the of 
how born director dealt with .
because they were hiv positive and they were my first
refusing to be silenced .
i don 't owe anyone an explanation .
grateful for creators and organizers and
touching 
mission accomplished very grateful 
he s a liar . 
: you re a path a logical liar ? 
this is what you are dealing with .  
why can  t we use to eliminate the stigma of mental illness ?
tips to improve your customer satisfaction
inspired by 
the reality of being born with a vagina 
this is our reality now .
carrie fisher stu ur de produce nt r under tong 
and quit because of it
childhood 
~ chapter  : the artist  via
could this be the key to attracting more to and
new wave of
~ chapter  : the  artist 
this was difficult . 
walk of fame
if it helps .
it could have made a difference
year and  months
does a medical condition make a difference if so why
there s a reason she never used 
marchers are central to walk of fame
yep same here .
honestly
beat in some !
pendant + charms are bringing together on
and you and you and you honestly who can  t use a rather surprisingly revelation .  via
liberals don 't beat their animals or anyone rednecks do . 
yep . many years of this idiocy .
on the topic of
pgs .   -  of  kendra scott s letter to
 assume by suzanne nihal ak ceylan 
looks like another groper to me . 
a1 : yes for example
a letter to those who say
looks like the ryker s island choir ! dos ve danya ! &
it looks like the dominos are falling everywhere !
congress disgusts me . 
example of
how relates to & by ccp president
in the travel industry
this is our president . 
christy turlington : industry surrounded by
gives you the shiet s ?
unmasking the abuser : 
probably the first
it  s wear many & are even 
and i ll leave it that .
leave next year . 
demeaning posters on the wall
pink floyd the wall 
 the rising tide of 
seems like bryan cranston will probably be the next one outed .
manipulative or not .  goes well with 
your bravery is astounding .
and on and on it goes .  
purchase me too and a percentage of my profit goes to via
not me but my hearts goes out to all the
cynthia enloe + founder laura bates on  via
suicide is not the answer .
and is going in on
and i  m not going anywhere .
it appears the dam has broken .
do you ever have a new favorite holiday ?
it s pretty obvious lars von trier is who bjork was referring to in her me too contribution .
tick tick tick .  still waiting 
now for some history .
you re both pretty . stop !
pretty much yes 
is it too soon to use 
on a pretty regular basis .
could have unexpected consequences ? by :
 the square  : art in the era      
we didn  t stop them soon enough
ignorance = bliss ?  like denies it s demons . bold art 
the backlash has begun . 
well .  just waiting for her to yell
am trying to deathmatch you about
not trying to be cute either .
the feeling of the deaf singer represents me
may i m bialik and the trouble with
+ years and still have trouble in crowds .
beyond
too many including too many of my own .
humanitarian agencies are not exempt from here s how they should respond  -
and he is still harassing her on a weekly basis
beyond 
beyond and
how to respond to & more !  - 
humanitarian agencies are not exempt from here s how they should respond . 
atlanta activists respond to 
stop the online bullies 
one of the main reasons for
because i still hesitate to recognize it and say
how to respond to | huffpost 
the gospel in  the road not taken 
hey fixed that for you .
both at the most lowly retail jobs and at the most prestigious academic institutions .
hey tax accountant .
and come to india : 
chris covers learning to fly by tom petty via
and come to india
resonates in india 
who are they in india ? 
ditto and still fresh in my  mind . 
mind your manners .
resonates in india
a moving from at the awards
everyday in
honest yes i am .
a reminder from of the ties that bind .
i  have had to be very honest with myself but
he ed them .
happening now  am ses qui centennial park downtown
and he has high blood pressure
yes : this this why ( else ) it matters 
as a high schooler as a cashier as a passerby .
visibility matters . 
here is the link to doc  
why matters for all of us
i blogged again . here s the link :  it s also in my bio
ed westwick : kristin cohen porte plain te contre lui pour viol
and it was horrible fue espanto so .
me too feels banal & performative 
supporting
here s the link to original broadcast by reminding us that launched 
records errors oklahoma georgia not   cool cps & policing . to
cool
yaani  - newly created search engine by
.  to literal children .
netanyahu s allegedly demanded free cigars and champagne from associates  the sleeze bag a hole .
days persisted pendant + charms by
[ slates the gist ] free to be you and via
it toke me days but here i am
how do you prepare your children so they don 't have to say
and wrote about it : 
that s my wife . 
why not because i have sons 
i was on a turkish train
another disgusting encounter .
we advocate for as well as clients .
only in france ? .  quelle honte ! 
unfortunately me to
why not because i have sons
unfortunately .
disgusting ad . we are who we are .
the impact of 
unfortunately
on the train
unfortunately 
the impact .
unfortunately we are many
freshman year
what follows the conversations after w /
in france too 
once on a train from the airport in rome .
unfortunately me too .
unfortunately more than once .  
and strike another victory . another suicide to add a notch to the belt of hateful
the battle isn  t over : and the fall of raqqa 
let . them . fall .
kate maltby : what may i m bialik reveals about 
how revealing is shorts down past knees
grandfather father 
well that episode struck a chord .
what may i m bialik reveals about 
because i had just turned  and you lied you were  !
- a has turned into a ~ &
much inappropriate at
( in all the ways ! )
will never be able to say this enough .
new episode ! packed w historical insight on  - 
there are more ways to say no than just those  letters .
how beautiful !  ?
he isn  t an addict . he  s a predator .
what may i m bialik reveals about
kate maltby : what may i m bialik reveals about
my thoughts about
my thoughts
guilty as charged
our thoughts on
him  .  thoughts ? 
thoughts on
i was a massive step for me !
my thoughts on
editorial : taking it a step further than
my thoughts .
my thoughts .  
thoughts and exhaustion
thoughts about 
thoughts on via
flagstaff speaks up with  via
twice in one year . i was  .
i have never met one who hasn t . 
this speaks to me on so many levels 
meet artists in residence doris macdonald & sharon dennis : features at thurs   -
on recited nuala n dh omh naill  s poem lab hr ann me db / me db speaks . outstanding .
hear hear ! 
can anyone hear my 
i often don 't even have my headphones plugged in ; i just use them as a prop so i can pretend like i didn t hear 
watching and my on
also in flow arts . so shocked .
everything is negotiable .
it  s all serious .
from choosing vulnerability in the wake of
how i found my outrage 
donald meow ! 
how i found my outrage
cancel this dusty ass joker 
don 't be a penis .
while a graduate student . 
victimize s web logger is shameful ! 
total outrage !
where s the outrage ? > > 
the one who said that wasn t there . he said he had witnesses . how the fuck ?  you weren t there !
more than i can count .
well well said ! talks about and much more . 
why do we ignore
nyu students use as an organizing tool
but if i count it is more than  .
incredibly pissed she can  t use
hit them with the remix . 
what about this clipse  - mr . me too fuck that . pharrell williams 
the picked up on the significance of in and reporting on it . 
well said . and your comments on msnbc this am . 
may i m bialik apologizes for unintentional yet insensitive comments 
updated with further comments from davis 
but i didn t get any million  - dollar paychecks out of it .
i  m scared for myself but for you too .
would prophet yusuf ( a . s . ) get to say  via
this trend is a punch in the chest .
workplace or not us ? 
there should be a trend for
in buses in trains on streets and in theatres .
when does pacha mama get to say
future of financial and monetary systems financial stability
. that s how we end up with get these conservatives out of here .
maybe it s because and your candidate is the greatest enabler of a we will get him .
who are the too scared to say 
yet when we get together in groups we discover all  of us say 
this is mild in comparison to what i traditionally get .
my ex boyfriends ( i was  they were  )
: just another trend ?
doesn  t get any clearer than this . 
for those too shy or scared to say .
and preventing in the workplace .
any . any at all is too many . and sadly it is every one of them .
this seems accurate to me and sadly 
ages  and
house of cards ending with sixth and final season at netflix 
writing from the couch is out ! 
the issue is .  is out ! 
from ages   -
ages   and   -  -
writing what scares me : this is the one about by
from ages  to
some are questioning if his writing is entirely fictional : 
it was a from ages   -  .
not just many legislators have a issue 
tsm knocking it out of the park literally why can  t i say 
~ chapter  : the  boyfriend 
and another for my sister . 
after the scandal
.  kaiser is the top violator of hippa ( google it .  ) .
( literally my thumb is numb ) 
~ chapter  : the boyfriend  via
!  burn it down .  sister
because me . fucking . too . (
let down at the top
literally why can  t i say
literally why can  t i say 
literally  years of
carrie fisher is a fucking goddess . 
it went from to
me fucking too .
i was very young !
is literally
me fucking too
( the dam is breaking )
this . every word of this . 
simply
a lesson from the supreme leader of china .
even with i deals like becoming obsolete rip
with you out of office . 
protesters march through
what if we answered every spoken ( & unspoken ) with an
spiked first then  - now westminster ? this is becoming hysterical says on
at the march
it takes two seconds .
opinion : is about all of us  via
because when i said don 't touch me i wasn t just being a b*tch
opinion : is about all of us
absolutely a bot they r released for this
seriously . 
me too : a watershed moment
this is a moment . 
when heroin mom can t even make steak umms
of  so that  s what is calling it .
my moment  by
this is absolutely accurate of me as well . 
that was her me too moment .
another a big one 
there was a meme calling me randi because of bg gtg .
& absolutely this    
absolutely 
 are you calling me darling ? are you calling me bird ?
seriously it is
big fan of this one 
proud of u 
for our daughters  via
shut . up . because it s not only about you ! en consort en . 
i  ve been staring at you wondering do i qualify ?
what an inhumane question . 
and not just me but both my daughters who are  and  .
for those of you who are wondering about the origin of
* but he s dead
the quiet roar of 
how does one say i was hurt alex .
this is an invitation to and for those you  ve knowingly or unknowingly hurt . be a of
if we had the courage to say why can you not say
when scientists say me too  - scientific american
i will be quiet .
music to my ears .
it wasn t as bad as it could have been but
the gift of courage is contagious .
such courage .
first row :    second row :    third row :    .  gang is safe now .
more than once at work .
characters isn t enough .
because boys will be boys .
in hip hop video  via  
and the comes marching in ! 
with about kathy griffin rt
yes rt .  - and too many others .
i was afraid to .  no more !
in the street
at  by the deacon of my church
rt lucas _ megatron : meghan _ trainor just this only this
there are far too many of us .  far far too many .
when the church says  - juicy ecumenism
a user at in  i was molested by an instructor who was i was
in my early   s trapped me in the basement & at a conference but i escaped it was very scary
far too often
when the church says 
rt robert kan dell on and authentic connection via
i don 't need to say a said  in  context .
for all my sisters out there .
at your school .
you need one more button : all of the above .
still i need to warn you about this 
if i wasn  t working i would be there because 
they need to fit in the no ? 
ram bha seeks interim maintenance from husband 
) you need to lighten up
as grows orgs need to revisit their values . with
oho . !  do you need a cup of coffee ? 
to my sisters still reeling from
type in in a search and you will be up to speed
here s another idea
check out the homegirl in 
why so much guys like this . 
yes . exactly .
exactly ! 
why i too have hesitated to write 
tonight ! 
 check it out
exactly .  
very true . 
i  ve become more for giving of her mistakes  and some of my own .  
i have no idea but what the heck
the true origins of
check out + charm by holly m . clifton on
that s true 
tonight 
it s not just hollywood .
exactly . 
guys . now what ?
check out
write about in
yes she is the poster girl for
write  - in marc flied ner the ! 
since were doing this .
look at me ! don 't look at me ! this is why 
is this only my closure  who has been reading my mail 
take your and shove it  via
a jewish reading of 
where  me too  can take us
as usual about not a + more like c  - especially in shameful ! 
for every there is an offender and a denier . repent restorative justice
no means no . if you re unable to say yes it still means no .
 take the secrecy out of arbitration and nda s . 
take them down !  
take  them all down . 
a fantastic take on and at the 
 twisted poetic justice  via
and the beginning of the end .
where can take us
a second look at
we can have debates over what [ means
reading this sickens me . 
how revealing is a name
because your name rings in my ears
 can take us  on
charge them all of justice . puerto rico & 
is only the beginning .
well means
have you experienced
white privileged entitlement is over & we not taking no more 
let s put a there . of the clan . 
because you complain about my hand on your shoulders my mansplaining my pulling your bra straps
i wonder that too .  
willamette law
let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in stem . 
totally supportive to them
it is a pillar of our society .
heartbreaking . 
6 th grade
well put
you should put
let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in  via
7 th grade
this is so perfectly put .  
the is heartbreaking .
let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in stem
liberal ? is politically agnostic but not gender agnostic 
let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in stem  via
yes totally
. the predators 
oust predators 
let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in stem  -
totally . but also 
accused of  via
rev . accused of 
i support what said and
is commonplace in rural america as well as everywhere else in us
in support .
yes . on point as usual . 
it  s been more than  years and i  m still traumatized if i see him .
q what did she do to attract the attention ?
america first ? 
in support of
will all his advertisers in support of 
i am with you in support and sadness
so he did it in support of ?
at this point is for all of us to connect with one another . it  s not for them it  s for us .
hence the hashtags and
what an honour to see !
because at least i didn t make a scene
of course me too !
together we are stronger
is the one who have tried but can t purpose my crush .
maya preaching from heaven . of course . 
in at least a  cities .
and yes of course
shit you cannot make up ! 
of course because &
of course .
of course !
of course
yes . they . do . and for every there should be at least one
with and talking
maybe ask about this whole in relation to scott pruitt bobby cagle and tom price ? 
because no one should be used as their older cousins kissing practice when they re  .
psst ask about this while at 
with wow preach it sistah !  
wow . her too . 
in my own home !
this is not okay . 
but you already knew that . because it  s all of us .
follow for more . 
you weren  t asking for it .
follow for more on 
will she ask for a coke ?
follow an expansion of partnership of and
if you only knew why this caged bird sings now
because it s not okay .
yeppers why now ask 
wow . despicable . 
can t live without food .
were live with fatima goss graves and wellesley prof . leigh gilmore on
another case of 
in solidarity .
it s not to ask for
in solidarity
prof talking w /
only  will be reported
this is an amazing initiative 
you are amazing and inspirational
retweeted ann curry (
this is amazing 
retweeted bob marz ull i (
retweeted lara bingle 
retweeted letra es carl at a ( b . das
as a bartender ( reported ) and in a newsroom ( unreported ) .
delayed traumas are the worse . 
a little late but
or worse yet said it to themselves .
anyone left ? 
yes  ! i mean .  oui !  
what does mean to you ?
when can mean for employers
a little late but never too late .
assistants at caa and elsewhere in the  9  0 s fared even worse .
via a is for adelaide and .  : dear .
because this is just a little ice cube in this vast land of icebergs
just because you can doesn t mean you should .
and that  s all i care to say about that .
our on &  - w / head of diversity maxine williams . here :
a little late but nevertheless .
what on earth is this pink icon for ? !
very disappointing news about
i contacted the police for both the hacking and the insult
all the people
for what it s worth : = 
where were all these people   s  and  ?
all in one place by
you did what ? !   - curious people
 the atlantic news est disponible ! 
when the news becomes the news .  
worth it . 
tweets   nodes   edges and   communities .  
an interview with aime morrison via
me too ( credit :
i so wish this wasn t as accurate as it appears to be . 
stamp of the day
a fascinating interview 
there is a lobby day in michigan for on
still haunts me to this day
wish that i did not .  but it has so .
yeah whatever !
oh and
yeah never again motherf ker
i wish it weren t so but
another one bites the dust . can  t say i  m surprised .
oh ! this is promising uplifting .  
i hate rapefugees
i wish i could be there
almost every day
you ll be thanking me one day .
wish l could say
- yes i have been there and wish doesn t to anyone . 
oh yes
and against
this . credit
wish i could delete all the from
i was  and i haven t been the same since . apart of me was stolen that day .
to all the for against and you r an
surprised ?
why am i not surprised 
well i have tits so .  yeah
because i cannot fathom them hurting another person .
six years almost to the day .
against is a
wish it didn t have to be said .
it s not just about catcalls astonishing piece by 
f * yeah !
. of w / the piece on 
i was assaulted too .
did tweet after this ?
speak up speak out . 
coercion is not consent .
i hesitated posting .
when did it happen to you ? 
or her in the face
from when i dared to speak out . 
from to reclaiming the pleasure of consent
who will speak for we are here to say but who will speak for her ?
is a universal clarion call for
no more !  be a and speak out using 
is this another tweet ?
 you are revolution  she says of those who speak out . 
because my eyelids aren  t over your face
call out ! 
and the next one must speak up ! 
i was  and assaulted by my peers .
speak and thrive
it can happen to anyone
speak . on . it . 
in light of via &
it can happen to anyone .
i was  . i was at a religious procession . he assaulted me .
do not speak for anyone else . you can only speak for yourself here . is not about exchange ha tie . 
couldn  t happen to a nicer r wwj 
to all those posting
it could happen to anyone ; new graduates entering the workforce seasoned professionals 
you can t consent when you re blacked out
how many women
too many to list .
grows . like i said so many women out there .  
we are not making any of it up .
is only for women ? should it be ?  abby fran que mont  medium
says  in medicine harassed let  s 
make our planet great again .
the chorus of  from women
nobody is immune . i was a well  - known critic from a well  - known publication in my  4  0 s when .  
 is only for women ? should it be ?  by 
this is how i feel about 
is only for women ? should it be ?
to all the women who have said .
heroic women of the bible
speechless . and sickened by this list .
 yes all women .
another burst in the works ?
is great ! where is 
be there to explore the nuances of and the list in mumbai
hope solo with her
the women of publishing say  via
is what one of three women would say . 
cw : assault
years later still a great anthem . 
how many pieces must we shatter into to feel whole again
that s a definite assault .
this : trump 2020 never ever ever !
women and there will be more .
will you join us this 
the chorus of  from women  via
how i feel about 
relatively all women  i recognized that there are no challenges greater than yours 
this is normative for women . 
oxford women say 
unless women are armed with liscense d kir pa no use
says the great barrier reef
the show is out ! 
find out about the 
even by other women
on downfall engenders fragile hope in a sea of hypocrisy ? via
yes . all . women .
this is great ! 
it never fails to amaze and sadden me just how many women can say me too .
the women of publishing say  va
so do the women who say 
oxford women say  -
 just show me your underwear 
four heroic women of the bible : esther judith miriam and deborah
these headlines are so  duh  .  to women . 
women should
women of the year awardees
i feel so badly about it .
also it s not women . it s all women
it would be faster to list who it  s not .
letters : the chorus of  from women
the chorus of  from women via 
. and more champaign  - urbana women say 
 making it more outcome oriented . 
is dumbfounded at how just one segment later mimi zed the phenomenon on illustrating why your party is a mess
that s not how works . 
we should have known wasn t new 
nope . me too . finally did . .  
 however  and  yet  are beneficial words for my growth .
where did they run to
part infinity
no words but
needs one more button : all of the above . 
my livelihood depended on my silence .
one year of healing
breanna stewart in her own words .
me too . in the words of whitney houston .
 you  reply still stuck on that ? 
after  years of silence .
here we go again .   .
finally !  
it was my  3  1 stop  that birthday
reply : the meme  via
finally the oscars are all about 
still hurting but still healing
and where we go from here via
what was that here you go 
no we haven t heard too much on it has only just begun .
you scratch my back i ll scratch yours .
two words are weighted . 
to go with
 part  of
shat  - shat naman on birthday anniversary (  1  5 th october ) to our beloved  dr a p j abdul kalam ji  .
for you   all in the back :
needs to resign now .
this isn t new ; we just haven t been listening .  gary barker on
silence can be  deadly  
and in fact
i have no words
scrofa go file at a mar is iondil 
i  have heard it all from the to when does it end ?
because words were not enough
words of wisdom from
when isn  t enough : a response  -
always being asked if you did anything to provo que it or if you suspected it
i found this poetic response to via courtney e . martin .
in response of 
her leadership has been underwhelming .
our response to should be
thank you one of three hundred . 
after men responds with
you too ? come with us  pm sunday at your  ticket benefits
swimming in the trauma of
thank you satine .
also called or
christians must engage the conversation :
thank you 
thank you for this ! 
swimming in the trauma of  via
where are all the men
nope on the twitter screenshot about
christians must engage the conversation
should be integral to the conversation
thank you . 
the conversation around is complicated . these  comics illustrate why .  via
thank you and you are us 
the truth is 
thank you wendy
me too  - thank you 
thank you . thank you . 
t h i s thank you joshua reynolds thank you
thank you and 
thank you tom .
started in  .
it s called parole . 
a conversation about
disability should be integral to the conversation
thank you .
why can be for men too via
when i was  my babysitter made me watch him jerk off !
by several men in my  years .
why can t men just behave appropriately ? !
thank you !
as hard as this is to say .  me too
yes . thank you from aus .
your truth is your superpower once you embrace it you will be unstoppable .
thank you
is the oman who started me too 
can be for men too
as a male 
i can  t distinguish what i do for myself from what i do for men  it is the casualness .  via
thank you ! 
says what happens next ?
how are we still needing to have this conversation ? 
i was thinking about
more then once . thank you a . m .
bruised twitter promises more aggressive treatment of trolls
was started by and not 
and thank you 
why are men like this
i was  . it s been over  years and it s still hard .
why can  t men use ?  
like when twitter was all about and not
and the men . 
thank you neha .
poll have you been sexually harrased ?
don 't pity the survivors instead be impressed by our fierceness .
a conversation about 
thank you 
. rocked the conversation about & on
thank you so much thank you ! 
why not the men ?  
so men should do the as well
i was  when it started
what just did on was heroic . thank you lauren .
why can be for men too  via
it  s hard and i  m here for you .
jury is out ; men behave badly . the end . 
started 
and this is what happens next .  
are any other survivors out there a too ?
a for clueless men by mentioned at 
nfl cheerleaders outfits very aggressive sexually .
just got intellectually by
this . thank you .
corresponded with privately on twitter 
thank you interviewed 
thank you so much for your honesty
it happens everywhere . 
after what men can do :  via
this text . thank you . 
watch this on 
more for the conversation via 
why can be for men too
thank you for this .
thank you for existing and continuing to .
why can be for men too  - houston chronicle 
the conversation around is complicated . these  comics illustrate why .
ain t that the truth
me too on twitter as well .
let  s talk . and so much more . 
updated story : 
did something revolutionary  via
let s talk about
why is this still not a story ? 
| the bom squad | the dancers story via
and i briefly talk about it in
how many categories we could have but there  s something that pulls us together .
how the story has unfolded
did something revolutionary may  1  9 th  .  
so let s talk about these dirtbags . 
every one of us has a story .
and something new 
story 
this story is my  via
why ? why ? don 't drop this story because won t & neither will i 
another sick motherfucker down
because there is not one of us without a story :
sick bastard 
too inclusive or exclusive my story
vile abuse of authority
my me too story 
new digest is up : pollution kills  million pee pee links between aces substance abuse and incarceration
is this your story ?
. governor  s councilor & talk with 
i never ever talk about these encounters because they frankly are embarrassing . but maybe more of us should .
birds of a feather flock together .  both make me sick
years ago . 
how do we overcome abuse ? 
did something revolutionary 
her existence is a story .
talk about  .
sick of protesters ?
here s my story .  
we should talk about all the 
this is my story .
which time ?
of  5  0  5 k posts come from us by
years old .
from the age of  on .
last night at the mall .
it happened when i was   in my  2  0 s and in my  3  0 s .
it  s about time !
and the problem with 
eight years of age .
~ at age  &  &  &  
.  at my vintage age .  during the  5  0 s &  6  0 s ? enough said !
it  s that time of year again .
on and  million posts on 
me too : photographer posts graphic selfie of her beating |  - 
-  years old
normalising one at a time . for 
anywhere anytime . everywhere all the time . 
time for me to say via
donny this didn  t age well . 
i am not what happened to me .
the first time i was seven .
& don 't c are because they understand
well ?  time for you to also say
miss mahogany  - sexy thuggin ( made over night ) 
this weeks repugnant publicity stunt staged by and collaborators . meanwhile puerto rico virgin islands no rca 
this happened to 
first time i was  . 
it  s happened to
and this just happened .
outlier is coming . shreveport
this . this is the problem .
i was  and  years old .
about time 
time to fems plain .
the first time when i was  .
this . is . the problem . 
also about time .
it s about time .  
and never silent again
it  s happened to me and too many others .
it may be old but doesn t it seem like between and the mainstreaming of that the genie is out ?
i was only  .  the first time .
about time . 
( the first time ) 
time for this one again .
time for me to say
it happened and i was fourteen !
from the age of  to the age of  .
it has happened to
i don 't understand why his behaviors don 't bother r 
i  have been silent for many years !
i was  the first time .
a year in two weeks
i was only  years old .
there s no age bracket for do what you can wherever you can to stop for
it happened to
now more than ever it s time to be
it  s time for it to stop . proudly one of the
don 't be silent . enough is enough !
as early as  years old .
happened to 
this thread . 
or we will listen
in the garden of dicks may easily become a victim 
.  a thread :
listen to what is being said .
listen to the  me too  chorus
saying no once is enough .
without the voices of there is an incomplete discourse on offending . 
this has to change .
thread : 
i  m late in saying this but
 converting chatter to change  
 has made it impossible for me to not stop and examine my life my behaviors and attitudes . 
this thread 
thread 
a thread 
me too . ( thread below )
this thread .  
if you are stepped on by a dinosaur it does not make you a victim it now makes the dinosaur extinct .
listen to my segment wrap  - up on anchor : 
thread . 
this thread doesn t even scratch the surface .
. but i am a victor not a victim !
tremendous thread .  
it stays with you for life
this thread is 
anthony rapp is saying  via
on a loan scheme  a year on a gvmnt spin unit . it s unconscionable not to provide  a year for a new report 
they may both be saying
all of my friends moms
for all of us  why didn  t anyone say anything before now ? 
i like this new hashtag in regards to
so now we have to & ? why ? why do u love russians more than me ? 
love you loads
via the real postsecret 
with love .
please !  - )
from : it  s more than harassment it  s corruption
i love pizza and ice cream and tacos too .
is not ignoring love it .
i wasn t but several of my friends were .
hashtag or pound ?
and so many of my friends as well .
yes i am very real & so is this !
love love love and adore this 
that hashtag is chilling mane
the new era  - before  - and after shortened : b . me and a . me
brave enough to say
it shouldn  t be it should just be because let  s be real .
a real journalist should investigate ties with & 
before there was rachael den hollander
who sponsored the me too hashtag emoji ?
so and what s the hashtag for this one ?
 the repercussions are real . 
and posthumously for my mother as well .
here is a good one that and can commiserate with
it  s not just a hashtag .
ever been misled before by a them about 
love you .  and yes
before there was rachael den hollander via
brave . inspiration . yes . 
too real .
good governance & sustainable devt is out ! 
my mother my grandmother  generations 
because they love hating
not like the dems have ever misled us before about 
how about the hashtag
 be brave and say can you do it ?  
you re all so brave .
dedicated to all my friends who have said
before there was rachael den hollander .
respect i respect all and
love this !
i  m loving the hashtag prof mackinnon
very good : kate maltby and the madness of 
to all of my friends using i say :
love this ! 
what  s in a hashtag .
is real . it s up to all of stop it .
you are truely an inspirational woman i was
it was never your fault
mandela s granddaughter says i was raped in my bedroom  via
i am surrounded by woman warriors .
it  s never your fault .
in the humanitarian world :  (
heartbroken but woken . this cannot become the new normal .
babar azam shadab tharanga finance minister world
settled  claim !  
in the humanitarian world :  ( via
took me years & years to have the guts .
when you re frustrated with the world and phoebe lays it down
if i have to i can do anything i am strong i am invincible 
it  s never our fault but we couldn  t do anything about it .
because the humanitarian world is not populated by saints .  (
the single greatest threat to is
just because they re a woman .
a lone woman on a bike .
i come from a long heritage of chauvinism  - s ramana mitra
the world is and then there s you
or any woman .
every woman too .
to every woman
( but i was actually raped )
-  - what woman hasn t
is the of the world of pop  - me dio cri ties  -  - out for praise & profit  -  - not a as per :  -  - > 
enough is enough . well done ! 
do you taste any bile in your throat when you make this claim ?
( it s not my fault )
it  s not  normal  it  s not 
yes he did ! and he didn t even know i was a rockstar .
this isn  t facebook but
i rin | in the humanitarian world 
don 't say well you know why we can t hire you
it s not your fault .
rare woman who hasn t .
did not know this ! 
just updated facebook with the same sentiment . 
you think it s just 
so what did you know and when did you know it ?
world . me too .
i was raped when i was  .
not a woman but
and no it wasn t my fault .
mandela s granddaughter says i was raped in my bedroom via 
liebe nina pro ll so ist das mit  woman . at  via
because we still have to argue that we were raped .
it is never your fault 
unconscious or not i didn t know .
theirs more than  woman how about
you don 't know what is ?
in the humanitarian world :
been there done that 
and then i took up martial arts .
mandela s granddaughter says  - i was raped in my bedroom : 
i was raped once when i was  then again when i was  .
i was  . it was not my fault . it will never be my fault .
didn  t know about this either . but we should . 
some of these soulmates are genuinely here to dust me off marking them but i suppose that s only normal locking them down & all .
what do you two think about vetoing sb169 ?
lucid switch daily dose of cr medicine is out ! 
my makes important
we believe you . we are with you . now . always .
and for every is an behind it .
i believe that wholeheartedly . 
i ogt international daily courier is out ! 
this is important . 
and she is not wrong . 
i wasn t built to break .
this is important
the daily dash :  { via
and integrity are more powerful than conflict of interest .
me too . and i believe you and i believe in you too . ohio
david icke (  )  - [ new ] you won t believe this !  via
i believe all of you
reposting because important . 
and artificial  intelligence : artificial intelligence and bias by shelly palmer
because this is important to me .
the diane han el daily is out ! 
for all that is powerful & prog about there is a crucial qual that it lacks . it fails to haunt .
but was convinced no one would believe me .
believe us . always believe us .
this is so important
will we believe her now ? via 
for all that is powerful & progressive about there is a crucial quality that it lacks . it fails to haunt .
i only believe in the that are was another
sandell & co daily is out ! 
powerful and introspective .
for all that is powerful and progressive about there is a crucial quality that it lacks . ( via
this is so important 
this is important !
and weinstein  - the advertising edition  - adnews via
this is important and 
the forrester insights daily is out ! 
a powerful poem by on 
because i believe you .
what is wrong with these christians ? 
for all that is powerful and progressive about there is a crucial quality that it lacks .
we are here for you . we believe you . 
arnold i may be wrong but i highly q
this is important 
the weinstein s of 
 how many times ? .  
sorry what  s to  evaluate  here ? pull the episodes . if not i  m not tuning in this season .
thanks ?
i trusted my gut when it was twisted .
thanks for this !  i  m surviving & still breathing !  
at just about every job i  have ever had .
.  thought about it .
i  have already said but here are a few of my stories :
thanks for reposting
i have a million stories that say me too and this is just one of them .  -
thanks
yes . many times .
for my daughter and grandson
sexual orientation : exhausted
:  takeaways from richa chadha  s blog post via
: lagos records  increase in  via post
too many times though once is enough . 
says pittsburgh council member via
this is fantastic . thanks 
a post by dawn potter : 
says pittsburgh council member 
too many times .
guess what 
silencing is approving miso gin y and violence .
too many times
the shame of filling a prescription  - 
too many times to detail 
me too . too many times .
these and stories are too hurtful . 
where  d the initiative really come from ?
how can i help ? to by
many times . 
right ? 
- sorry via
many times .
too many stories .
says pittsburgh council member natalia rudi ak via
sad . that  s why it  s and not just !
how many times do i have to say this ?
q3 : what resource have you used to help you recover ?
the right flowers
you re right
too many of us . too many times .
will be offering a keynote at this friday on stories .  (
post it with
right
here s one of my stories : 
guess what ? !  
at my very first job when i was  .
let  s keep it rolling . all flowing all out .
really ?
because i  m more than a sex machine
stories unfolding 
this is right on ! 
many times over 
with so many stories is there anyone who s
lebanon right now
thanks scott .
the is collecting all stories under the impulse of
a hundred times when one is too many .
so very sorry .
many times
several times
f this guy . 
for shame . 
keep snitching .
i was that guy .
that s horrendous . i am so sorry .
caring is being there for someone . do that more naturally
right .
thought i would .
in every job i  have ever had . am now retired .
there  s no shame
read this 
and we must all do better .
you are not alone . for
i  m  and in college and
so .  if did whatever it was to your child what would you do & say then ?
we are not alone
as a child
a must read !
i am not alone .  more importantly you are not alone .  we are not alone  - and together we are never alone .
remember grey gardens ? it s yours now to rent
a must  - read in the stream . 
couldn t have said it better myself 
a must  - read by 
- also what my man said !
i  have been tweeting to that 
remember this ? 
one man responds to 
me . too . you are not alone
says is a child of  indeed !
our next workshop ! you can read more about it on our site
has she read this ? 
these man .
we have to do better we must do better than technically : witty acerbic on 
pop  - up college in 
a must read 
because we must do better
stop & read the roses : 
what this man has to say about via
(  1  9  9  0 s ) read
because no one is alone in this .
read this . 
one says i can t my ears it s read this .
and no granddaughter tweeting 
years later and i still remember .
why not a must read . 
gratefully i became better instead of bitter
we girls have each other !
how became the roar of victims . by
the latest marco cimino 
the latest 
the latest the sta register chronicles ! 
the latest harian fuad has an ! 
we are more than victims .
because even in marriage rape is rape .
the latest the b wolf ep hd reader ! 
the campaign !
to and the for this treatment of the campaign .
the latest the pulse ! 
the latest the en bloom engagement rx ! 
the latest the dissertation hq ! 
for the campaign
just by the way
. with the realness today  -  -
i was  . he was my friend .
what is the campaign ?  via
frances me too campaign may come with  via
this is the latest  - another round of  - 
the latest the hips ville ! 
i had an acquaintance react the way lindsay lohan did .
the campaign and it s aftermath . 
. shouts out the campaign .
by the article here :
and it  s also in the nhs  - could tell you many tales
the latest  8 th continent ! 
the background : where does the campaign come from by 
not me too but ! you too my friend k nuff el k nuff el
article on 
. i told them to stop they  couldn  t  .
. & more react to the campaign .
bel article .
the latest the bloom ! 
the latest the kimber weekly ! 
so girls in tanzania don 't have to say
and many more victims
the latest now  - ahora  - maintenant ! 
the latest rattler gazette ! 
the latest the cassandra files ! 
the latest the gallery 32 gazette ! 
i saved my girls and me too !
the latest wired soup ! 
today s unintentional collection .  via
the latest diario digital * marketing   -   -  *  ! 
the latest my forex academy ! 
anna cardoso reflects on the campaign drawing a worrying conclusion .
the latest a whisper of wisdom ! 
what is the campaign ? what is the campaign ?  - by jessica haynes  -  via
the latest i spy ! 
my heart is with you too
the latest p hah mail ! 
the latest around the diamond  - ! 
the latest rbl ir robert ! 
the latest az  - consul enza ! 
the latest the orion ! 
to all victims : hrc cares more about the dosh than she does about you & 
heart enamel pendant is popular on
might not be a silver bullet but it could be a silver lining . here  s why  my new article for 
the latest eeh volution  ! 
for all the and victims of n  -
here i am on girls in the & the queens who can t sew on rupaul . 
surrey heath today is out ! 
why didn  t i tell anyone ?
what is the campaign all about ?
the latest pro meteos digest ! 
my friend on 
most of us in one way or the other
according to today she can t select her mates .
slacktivism disrespects victims via
and my clients  - and victims when i was a the too .
but heart enamel pendant by holly m . clifton on
the latest by 
the latest blogging ! 
the latest ej the anr ! 
the latest socratic ! 
kudos on taking on the campaign
by the way
campaign by
the latest passing through . !  
the latest the knowledge broker ! 
what is the campaign ? 
. interviewed a therapist about the campaign and here s what she said about it :
the latest koran m45ib ! 
today in  - and
i can t distinguish what i do for myself what i tell myself i do for me  but ultimately do for you
i want a peppermint latte
this is all i want to say but .
and me too . i want to say more so much more . 
that the offender   -  on democracy you can do whatever want omm it consequence
while were on the subject .  : erica shallow ||
we stand with we stand with
you are a rockstar ! more power to you .
the power of  via
adage : what is teaching a . i .  -  - digital next by shelly p lamer
i stand with them i stand with all of them
power of from via 
we should all stand with her .
and we will never forget it . 
how a gained explosive power
i stand with you . we stand together .
- i stand with each of you . : via
weak minds deny the unbelievable .
both & in have power to end & here s how  -  - >
the power of
the power of  -  via
the imperfect power of
what is teaching
the power of 
the unexpected paradigm  - shifting power of
i stand with you
i stand with 
the power of the purse . 
what & power of can do for > via
what is teaching  - shelly palmer 
the unexpected paradigm  - shifting power of via
translation : our bodies are the battlefield .
the movement of  -  via
ugh .
majestic theater hosts event 
will become a movement ? 
on the movement of
the development of the movement : 
ugh
the movement of | the atlantic via
the movement of  the atlantic
the movement is larger than any statistics have comprehended .
where is the movement ? 
this . ugh . 
will become a movement ?  via
clarification : i mentioned your movement not
more on the movement . 
yes such a badge of honor .
where is the movement headed ?
ugh !  
the movement of 
the movement then and now :
the movement of
the atlantic : the movement of 
recap : and the movement 
movement dive into as
this asshat ! ugh ! 
a sermon for everyone who s said 
to be female is to be whether you like it or not . 
every female is a
keith urban s female isn t intended to be a anthem
from co  - workers to customers to patients .
tempted to overlook female vulnerability ? 
i also was blocked by for trying to help him : 
we are fully complicit in these stories whether we have intentionally acted contributed unknowingly .
i just said no stood my ground . know who you are .
how do we fire a k ima from government work ?
i was  when it started . it ended when i turned  .
got him fired and license revoked . stood up to others .
he needs to fire himself ! another 
i wish somebody has stood up for me because sadly i couldn  t . i was a coward . i still am .
i fear the gazillion will only result in a general
the campaign has lit a fire and recharged a movement . women are and 
facets of risk management in that may not be discussed in collection . 
man in leather ; man with burrito ; man with monkey ; man with handshake ; man with infant ; man with axe ; man with tree ; man with house .
women are stepping the fuck up & the fuck out in 2017 .
shouted no in the playground . result ? seen as uncooperative . again in a classroom  - seen as disruptive . no .  no .  no one ever listened
were who stood up  & anti  - jokes ? r those who say jokes ?
and sexual violence in the us fire service  -  via
my body is not your property . no woman  s body is anyone  s property .
 healing is radical and is a movement to radicalize the notion of mass healing . 
et qui sera le harcele et har cele ur du jour ? and who will be the victime and agr esser of the day ?
 on [ white ]  from a white woman .  
.  he grabs me by pants pulls me on his lap unzips my pants and motions for me to go down on him .
zero . just zero . that tradition died when i was  . this f  ing guy .
that  million women have used is extremely worrying .
for women is frustratingly familiar
not anymore love . not anymore .
consent is a core libertarian value . libertarianism is premised on consent . if you have a problem with that you are not libertarian .
no more culture of it  s time to embrace a culture of via
now that we  know better  we must do better . holly richardson : via 
says so much . we all know better and can do better .
this essay by raises my hackles . be careful out there women . 
not just  or younger and not just women !
the more shocking stat might be i suspect only a very few women can say that .
military women too should serve unmolested via 
military women too should serve unmolested by
some men need to be educated ; some need to be imprisoned . & on how becomes 
statistically every tweet could be balanced with a man s tweet . yet crickets .
how united the women s convention
how united the women s convention  -
what makes the maine women s fund your choice for
and i stand hand in hand with and and
support of support support rt 
songs that encourage women to say 
hoping the same from indian women !
how women of color are embracing and confronting
how women of color are embracing and confronting  via
how women of color are embracing and confronting via 
of women in jails have not been convicted of a crime 
creeps creeps creeps everywhere ! i hope more women come out 
text & drive cars  - a bodoh malaysian motorist wju8471 deserve  text & die  - die fast gud4 malaysia economy
it  s not about the dilemma of whether to tell the story but the dilemma of which one to tell .
that  s why i  m passionate about helping other women
because at  i was told that boys will be boys
me too : because not all nice jewish boys are nice  - 
congratulations to all the women who have spoken out !
if you see something say something
on the more than once . if you see something say something .
what  s the difference between and this preacher  s misogynistic attitude towards women ? 
have any of bills women tweeted a 
respect yourself . respect our girls . respect women . respect .
seldom do well behaved women ever make history .
just sayin : women  s rights .
literally throwing rocks at women while .  
sinister abound . also apply to those that speak up about unfair work practices that when reported result in retaliation  /
britain gets shaken up as tory women say
women of sacramento move from to  via
bully harassment as well .
corporate  - knew .  knew .  the knew .  
a thread . a very important thread . 
addressing harassment in the era
wow and other intelligent fierce woman on show are all on fire with this vibe .
is this limited to women ? cause
here s why so many women are tweeting 
we arm ourselves with pepper spray pocket knives tasers clawed keychains rbf . women are walking arsenal s .
stop asking why didn t she ? .  and start asking why did he ?
men commenting on statuses like
joseph married mary an underage bride . are you offering to do the same you re already married roy
my thoughts on and the women s convention . 
some contributors use it as a platform to pour scorn on all men ( via
attention students i  m presenting a students only workshop on  register here : . let  s end dv / s a
this is for all the women who are not yet able to say 
and probably most women in the u . s .
& they wonder why a few million women are fucktards .
.  years old . after school at my school .
with the thousands of women who have died to femi cide in mexico . 
a minority of men are also convinced the earth is flat
once again these are the men who are determining our cultural narratives 
many men are using to participate .
dislikes : the investigative journalists / the veteran / and the inter disciplinary  6 fuck that ivy leaguer / women s studies masters ?
zaza ali : and why are so many women single ? .
of white enabling educated women  - this must stop
yes women don 't say this for attention . 
unaddressed discrim harassment and retaliation rampant in fed agencies . . . 
and for the brothers and men you won t ac knowlege
why means so much to women via
roundtable : what means to some muslim women  ( via roleplay
not all men . hopefully .
men are responding to
on [ white ] & from a white woman to white women . 
what if men were so moved by that we launched
the more who claim a certain activity the less believable the claim becomes .
i wish i didn t have to say it and i wish it wasn t true
happened in my childhood . happened in my teens . happened in my twenties .
from men blocking my path on the sidewalk to leer at me to groping me without permission .
when the kitchen isn  t safe for women
because we talk about what happened to her but we don 't talk about what he did .
there is no excuse for harassment
any attack on of = attack of = crime ! 
yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you . 
yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you
yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you .
the ultimate yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you . via 
this : yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you .
yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you . via 
way too often . way too many times .
tips on responding ( or not responding ) to :
if u stood by & didn t speak out about your just as guilty as he is & u can t use the hashtag .
no women s march
the survival stories that powered
the survival stories that powered  - 
the survival stories that powered 
the survival stories that powered via
sexual predators abound . 
respect for all the women
my most recent harassment : 
maybe amongst your friends . my male friends have been rather impacted by
he was a dad that i trusted and he was my dad
this isn t the answer . tearing down patriarchy is the answer . 
credit where credit is due 
we ask her what did you do ? when we should ask him what have you done ?
not just a women s issue :
if you don 't have enthusiastic  you may not do anything sexual to a person .
who is handsy in taxis ? spreadsheet of sexual allegations alarms tories 
to the men on the other side of 
to the men on the other side of
to the men on the other side of  via
to the men on the other side of tm 
well said . | to the men on the other side of  via
stories .  countries
outgoing and happy doesn t make me flirty and deserving of harassment .
women !   i can  t even say to sad  . we are with you 
it  s for desserts . . people of conscience will not tolerate pedophiles . 
how many people are triggered by  ? 
stop the boys will be boys thinking .
i can t applause celebs 4 their late stories until they come clean about
i salute all the courageous souls who have noted so that we can all eradicate thus cancer of assault once in for all 
more and more people seem to be comprehending the and problems of  and
total the people r mad . & 
what decent people can do 
timing on movement
it  s also traumatic that have to retell story .
does anyone know if these statistics exist ? 
is spreading like wildfire and know that the art of active networking and my give4 as well as all my .
is spreading like wildfire and know that the art of active networking and my give4 as 
 men respond to with  
lifehacker : men : respond to with
men respond to with
men : respond to with
men : respond to with  via
men : respond to with 
expert on movement from
woman leading a wellness revolution w /
is there a woman out there that doesn t relate ? 
dear men isn  t about you
i used to think it was my fault . it  s not your fault . never think it  s your fault .
is is about to be  d by over assault on  s set
woman accuses nominee of when she was  ! 
is the norm not the exception . it seems like lots of men are just now realizing this .
if this is to change the culture must change
too many stories to fit in  characters
i just published  my story  
no longer oh freedom ( freedom ) freedom ( freedom ) oh freedom yeah freedom freedom ( freedom ) .
some may think a post about doesn  t belong on linkedin but i think it most certainly does .  
the stories you texted cnn 
and some of those stories are horrific .
just like i hope this women was slapped
story from  the other when my lawyer daren garcia
.  i couldn t figure out if it was once for each time or once if ever .
liberals drive partisan wedge into campaign 
why the campaign has been so impactful
why the campaign is so impactful : 
why the campaign has been so impactful 
why the campaign has been so impactful :   - via :
why the campaign has been so impactful by 
why the campaign has been so impactful via
what men can do in the wake of  via
what men can do in the wake of
what men can do in the wake of 
stands by campaign .
quick reminders and notes about the campaign : 
opinion | a for clueless men
opinion | a for clueless men 
opinion : a for clueless men
no meant no when i said it the first time .
grand jury indicts ray mcdonald for raping an intoxicated woman
contribute to this research about the campaign . 
the emergency room doctor . no nurse in the room .
the movement of via cc
because you probably could use it offers up this guide for men .
corey feldman identifies one of the men he has accused of molesting him  via
and every woman who has ever served in the military
all women and girls .
for all girls and all women i
frances version of the campaign emerges :
no one deserves what you have been through . i know .
what sparked the campaign . 
our culture of sexual predation
our culture of sexual predation via
molly t . marshall : our culture of sexual predation via
our culture of sexual predation by molly marshall
thank you . one million times thank you .
why the movement can be a trigger for some 
/ / this labor is not the responsibility of all people but it  s a healer  s ideology that can be implemented in the aftermath of
consent was never a topic consent was never gained . 
me too . because catcalls in the street = harassment .
good reflections on and women in ministry .
i really suspect that this is all women but 
every woman on the internet can say
how the campaign began . 
a moving intimate story by diana nyad
what facets of duty to warn need to accompany 
where to begin ? have been harassed have been witness & supporter of others who were . committed to do more .
nevertheless he persisted is the perfect motto for the movement .
you can control your attitude . that drives your decisions and how people percieve you .
the campaign : a shape dialogue
why is so powerful for women by via
how can participate in the movement . 
we do not need your protection just stop hurting us . 
retweet if you were harassed at
regarding the campaign .
a long with millions of other women .
there is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you .  - maya angelou
there is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you maya angelou quoted
joins the story ! 
perhaps some more proactive steps in addition to the campaign :
not just for women but for everyone . 
he was a college friend who stood up at my wedding  years before .
provocative review which says venus in furs  cheap plot undermines the elevation of the campaign
 caveats on that need  2 b revealed & addressed by powers that be
killer smartphones and eight other stories you might have missed :
 undermining paying millions and bonuses much ? thank you
it  s on all of us to end the cycle of sexual violence . because one more is one too many .
women in are also saying via
israeli women have been saying for years
why few thai women are saying  via
why aren  t more arab women saying 
khaos od english : why few thai women are saying 
campaign : a collective catharsis 
one of my fellow activists stories .
if you disagree with her stance on a post about bernie then tweet it there . it didn  t belong in the post . it  s not about you
may be assaulted by bannon s propaganda goons ? ( sigh ) 
we need to have this sparked by .
is spreading . are men getting let off the hook ?
man . crush . monday .
charles blow : checking your privilege as a man .
[ lest anyone forgets .  ] the stories that powered members unite !
have never spoken about any of it . don 't know if i ever will .
 when all types of sexual signals become sexual harassment
ally for campaign .
all americans need 
you don 't need pigs might fly
every industry infected by this disease . we can do better we should do better .
women in all walks of life say : 
revisiting post yes even mormon women . 
. reports on the movement in madison 
what i read when i read : we are strong .
you know what let us know what we can do . we will support you since the won t ! 
- thank you for all you do  - view my original 
i need to confess i am a sexist
just so you know what our president is up to . 
as he was dying with cancer . i also was rapped by his brother terry about the time i healed
a very fine man is gabriel byrne .   via
men in the workplace : a failed experiment . 
thank you for creating
the  me too  movement inevitably spills into sports via 
the movement inevitably spills into sports
i know there s a joke here somewhere .  
feminism as fascism ( a critique of the campaign  -
bolly hungama : . irrfan k & on feminism campaign  
are you sexually harassing sessions ?
i stand with these women .
should not understimate the power of women
hashtag network visualization  erin gallagher  medium
 hashtag network visualization  by erin gallagher 
as a trans man .
what about the pedophilia against ? who are you covering for ?
certainly . there are tweets by men under
because even with people you trust
because the people we trust the most should be people we can trust
yes . thank you . adding this to the 
including marriage ! i know .
for victims comfort 
victims comfort  - 
- but others don 't have the same privilege i have to speak out .  /
. donating weinstein residuals to a charity for women in filmmaking . 
everyday every time .
complete review of yahoo pop and pop3 technology more see :
i think we all cried .
you   all . i strongly recommend for reporters you can trust on stories .
this sort of exemplifies the whole problem .
interesting casting considering story hmm ?
suddenly ? speak for yourself !
you forgot to hashtag
- because every woman knows
get your very own t  - shirt on
. assoc prof talks about movement on
is looking for stories from hil 
they misspelled corporate rape $ 
what i learned backing every one has a story
a woman s friendliness is never an invitation and definitely not a justification .
and thank you for the perspective
i d need more than  characters .
music melts down as movement spreads  via
these people are violating my mind
for women the world can be a minefield via
qubec  s comedy king resigns after harassment allegations
 in  the stories are so outrageous and over the top . 
the sick part not the exams part .
these are the responses i like to see 
how about you ? all victims together creating 
from the the campaign isn  t at it s end . it  s only the beginning .
helping to make a movement !  
and i  have bid ed my time for when i come across them next .
it  s time to remake the system 
when your therapist harasses you | psychology today 
was hillary harassed too 
beware the rape allegation bandwagon ==>
campaign not slowing down anytime soon but now what ? via
ally of me too victims .
on the movement and implications on company values + hiring with
i believe the women .
farah you know what you did to me ! you should be ashamed !
an idea whose time has come .
years later it still hurts to think about
speech from taylor sheridan for   silence is the enemy and silence cannot be tolerated anymore . 
ubs talks about the campaign :
i switched programs i ended up with a mpa from northwestern ( more prestigious than where he went to law school ) ( cont . )
men this is our fault .
/ told us how another lawmaker cupped her breast .
there is strength in my soul and strength in unity .
today s digital curation is now available ! 
spatial distribution of digital agenda in parts of the world (   -  )
why the campaign resonates in india  via
speak for yourself . and not for the gop is .
have you been or facing take our :
powerful . heartbreaking but powerful .
this year many people enjoying crackers free
the campaign also reveals the dangers of via
for each & every there should be a guy out there realizing admitting saying i did this too .
on one hand it seems like just jumping on the bandwagon . on the other hand how can i not ?
i can feel the bile rising .
* * this is me today . * * ugh . what can we do ?
no caption necessary . just think about this .
what happens when men say too ? 
there are just way too many creeps out there
why the movement can hit a nerve for some 
plain and simple that s all i need to say about it .
says this honest seeming man . 
here  s to hoping you get your me too momemt
two compelling stories : a law firm that understands | k effer barnhart llp 
so this is from my  year old grandma
when start men instead ? 
he is just like them ! covered up rape too !
& covered up rape !
my incidents were minor thank goodness but there were many over the years .
any and all kinds to anyone at anytime .  there s no excuse for abuse
it doesn  t have to be face to face it doesn  t have to be physical .
i also know kids who have been 
) i  m not the only woman who does this unfortunately .
thank you for supporting us .
jesus christ the saviour of the world
victims of have suffered  -  - but beware for  - profit bandwagoners . 
too many times that i  ve been driven to an indifference that should not ever have been my norm
shares her stories  -  -  - > 
and there in lies the problem 
 the rising tide of read more at 
as much as i would like to block it out but it happened to
nothing is too small nothing is invalid . 
me too . i am committed to change which begins in me . 
now : + discuss the pros and cons of the movement
why do u love russians & fetuses more than me ? & protection ! 
by some men whose faces i don 't remember and by some whose faces i do .
and every woman i  have ever known !
rob reiner is absolute shit to scream and clarence thomas . is shit 
thoughtful & timely post from on the &  -  - > via
women doctors : speak up because via
women doctors : speak up because
it will take more than to make systemic | huffpost 
what i learned from stop the instant harsh critiquing  via
this is why i had to leave crystal castles . here is my story : by via
sharing is terrifying and humiliating but crucial .
feminist friday  thank you
thank you with all my . you are helping all of us . 
how smart do you feel to steal ?
a against for cutting their hair  - is this our 
women sticking together is not attack on men but attack on inhumane creatures amongst us
was told to stop crying because it wasn t sexy
all these statuses have me reflecting on just how many times it was me too #
reese witherspoon assaulted by director at   via
beyond it  s time to confront 
reply if it applies 
how is blazing a trail from hollywood to washington 
comprehending directional risks in disclosures . who has their back ?  
so many anonymous replies to this original post 
i  have had enough of hashtag feminism and it s intellectual laziness 
multiple victimization s seems to be a recurring story .
i can  t go through another trial and judgement !
you ignore victims again ? goodbye because the will wash you in  ! just like 
holding in the brokenness : i believe you .
me too . let s change this : demand to
no we read the whole essay and rejected her stated thesis .
miss  ;  3  0 p sat or  a sun ? here s the we talk &
i have yet to meet a woman who hasn t .
same as back then ? it adds a whole new meaning to or of the same ? 
i don 't know how to write about it .
few in washington are saying 
i  m now  but it happened to at ages   -  .
explain how slacktivism disrespects victims ! 
are you going to be a citizen of the new jerusalem ! seek the lord
shares her story
- melissa shares her story .
this is rich . barf you old fool
and other unacceptable milestones by | read here : :
struggling to say when you feel  -
also like makes you uncomfortable and the last campaign didn  t ? we should all be primed by now
is working there ? did u know that ? 
proves were not all alone 
the narrative must change now !
is about to come forward & seek
i believe you . and i thinks that it s more than  in
the unexpected paradigm  - shifting power of via cc
had a comment . but crickets & blowback on &  - do think own the
we can not stop fighting abuse . not ever .
my suggested solutions reply : via
for all of those who ve wondered if maybe they were being too sensitive about it i  have got to say
in the military and at work
then he drugged me  - i was  years old
all i want to say about it is quite a few .
the raw power of
the raw power of ( 
the raw power of  via
the raw power of via 
he s a fine one to talk !
i was the first woman in colorado to have her husband prosecuted for marital
our stories are all different yet so much the same .
that sounds like what happened to me .
.  did you see the precious pete bump ?  when pete was extra precious he begged his dad to let him trade eggs and butter .
let  s turn this into an campaign . 
thank you for all you do for so many including me .
showrunner terrorized assaulted cast and crew  women confirm .
for me it was someone i was dating .
allies on the hashtag :
thank you for your bravery !
powerful playlist from included here . 
a crime against one is a crime against us all .
consent is not optional and can be revoked at any time
they do thank you for that reminder
if we  reply counting pigs then
today the imperative with continues
all employers should used these guidelines and more for  what is a hostile work environment  
i haven t even accepted it myself yet but it is important to say
i was told you are lying
and i was five . and then i was  . and then i conceived . and then i chose life after
thank you for writing it .
thank you for writing this . 
yes ! thank   you for writing 
because flowers grow back even after they  ve been stepped on and so will i . and so will she . and so will they . 
now this can t be in her phase i mean she would deny it with the strongest .  u know of 
of course is there any woman who cannot say it ? !
day  : hiding another and another and it  s 
yeah i wouldn  t even know where to begin
sounds about right
encore plus troubl ant .  in the humanitarian world :  (
why are attacking women who complain about abuse ? is a clue amongst others
over   people posted on their timelines . via 
no not  year old bush .
watching documentary . thank you so much .
we have the choice to be above what has happened to us .
a survivors dignity is not for sale . 
but i am livid that even in the language we use to talk about this the assailant is a passive entity
if you feel up to it it would be a service to all of us who are 
too many times not enough characters
i am thankful to not be alone .
holbrook : the incredible power of via
shani alon i | treat the root of the problem
had enough ? the revivalist news network 
it hurts to post this .
here s something about and for the men  - .
thanks for the laugh mary .
it  s time to stop being afraid
i had those exact feelings today .
men it s on you to do better . 
dearest i salute u  making urself donkey of the day realizing what the is .  yep .
maybe it was just a mistake to you but it haunts me every day .
and it should be socially acceptable to talk about it .
me once me twice me three times me many times
i was raped by my pastor : 
i was raped by my pastor 
hashtag has spread to &
hashtag has spread to  _ #
hashtag has spread to  _ #  via
we need to apply to politics too
a yes that one time doesn t mean it s a yes always .
thank you to the organizers and speakers . we were pleased to tolerate a littl snow for the cause
age  to age  . it s not cool .
in ireland we have in parliament what s referred to as horseplay but let s not talk about that
i can say but i  d rather say ~ reply with your photos
my latest podcast is up .
thank you for breaking the dam !
but we need to move from to
i think it  s literally all of us .
needed campaign for corporates ? 
i am here with and for anyone writing i see you .
if i picked off the scab ripped out the stitches opened the wound so it was gushing blood would you believe me then ?
me too and balance ton porc : it s not about shaming it s about economic power via
sexual abuse can be prevented .
thank you for the follow !
day one discusses with 
is a demand for male accountability
evangelical or otherwise who are okay with and are not christians . period . 
opinion : me too . me too . me too . pleasure at mit responds to the campaign . 
opinion : me too . me too . me too . pleasure at mit responds to the campaign 
analysis of the hashtag virality by some very interesting findings 
sharing my troubles faced for us
campaign strikes chord among balkan women : : balkan insight 
for many women this is not new . neither is the campaign .
israeli women chime in on campaign 
women chime in on campaign
brilliant love this !
u low life scum by queen e
floods social
from  i believe anita  to 
only because i am barely infinitesimal ly brave enough to say it :
this is sickening . such a culture of i ll rebuke . 
mwb : hollywood nfl in sitution alize d slavery & molestation via
 reese witherspoon the calm before the storm !
what we can all learn from the movement
as a government we can do something about this ! ~
we need more hashtags than just
thank you you are the epitome of class and grace . 
you are amazing ! thank you !
after each demeaning encounter i told myself  it  ll end soon . but it didn t .
i  m a straight male yet still
election day
u r b select : revelant magazine  - how to do more than just listen to stories 
how to do more than just listen to stories
of course : sophisticated propagandists conceived this campaign
richa chadha on campaign :  why so surprised ? 
retailers are trying to profit off the movement
speak up . we are stronger together ! 
people who ve experienced & & & & & & & & & .
ten of the reasons i believe you  cleaning up mess ? tm
here are some tips to how you can help end at & 
my thoughts on perfectly captured . thank you
] .  that was for the specific injury on  caused to me by male dbp whose insurance still
stories : a thread
south africa : mandela s granddaughter says  - i was raped in my bedroom
this isn t an anomaly . it s the norm . is real .
with every a part of my soul dies .
what were seeing from here in our are a . w / the story next at noon .
when i am less angry i will speak . we are here for you when you do 
support corey feldman this has to be stopped
the latest digital river of learning ! 
you are the fiercest warrior fighting a war where the odds are against you .
i think misspelled  nearly all  here .  
aqu y all  ayer y hoy . here and there yesterday and today .
n my  2 kol ig hd brk womn s at office with  1  0 man it .  our target ws to proved our tallent s .  but 
because my worth is not dependent on a man . 
in congress not many want to say via
thanks for hosting & putting on the vigil
the latest tech airways dot com ! 
the latest shi je & her collective ! 
i thought i deserved it .
( obviously . i  m female . ) 
one of my many moments in life
what s going on with men ? via
typical groping old perverts credo of do as i say not as i do .
i was  he was my stepfather . he raped me everday for years & he s out of prison .
some are buried way down deep
why aren  t you marching in hollywood with your pussy hats ?
on representation of women in the movement
thank you for tonight s last scene thank you .
has me reflecting on many years in male dominated careers . 
as of just after  more than  million people are talking about on
when you show people like jennifer flowers who claimed a lengthy extramarital affair how is that
police responds to campaign
been saying since 1997 ! meanwhile sends emojis + link ? 
it was only a matter of time .
yes friends brothers also .
tomorrow s today : 
first incident at only  years old .
yes thank you for standing with us
why spread around the world
an speaks in support of & delivers a 
bringing this back because i may have been your girlfriend but i was never your property . 
killing it on & what great timing !
has had an impact around the world
i have such mixed feelings about right now .
the latest the bridal press ! 
you should take it as a compliment that i ignored you . 
it s more common than you think !
if doesn t crush your heart i don 't know what will
what do we do to combat this moving forward .
ubs was quoted in an article by on the movement :
ubs was featured in an article by on the movement :
ubs was quoted in this valuable article by on the movement :
honored to be quoted in this valuable article on the movement :
ubs was quoted in this valuable article on the movement :
in the same boat and there s nowhere to sit . !  help !  
what can men do to help ? 
the latest lady bizness ! 
women on boards one  - woman wikileaks : broadsheet for oct .
] who was a woman . dbp uses and discards women by the dozens .
women on boards one  - woman wikileaks : broadsheet for oct .  via
. a woman that every woman should listen to . via
i have never been more proud to be a woman  - 
domestic violence is a in the & the . after october is over 
i work in a bar .
south baltimore daily digest is out ! 
countless times .
the latest rise and shine ! 
the latest revelations :
everyone except holier  - than  - thou may i m bialik it seems . she was smarter than the rest of us .
when repeated a rumor fired her !  nene leakes hoped an ubah driver would rape her heckler !
sparks conversation in savannah
be a male ally by &
in which opens up about her experience 
can you mention since she started
don 't believe the whispers of them being difficult intense or problematic .
thank you ! this is well  - crafted & very healing
i really appreciate this .
what good will his apology do ?
new column is up ! flirting in the age . 
so like all things considered 
we are so grateful for your support
years ago and the memory never leaves you
mixed feelings about you are not alone . 
thanks brilliant . 
i think so too . and we will be here for her . her sisters in arms .
i pray for hope and honesty
educate her about the and how she should stop forcing girls to marry her nephew .
( afterwards was told it was a joke )
encouragements to victims in the church
what if a man or boy said
whispers  many years ago .  and more recently . admiration for those who do spea up . i never did .
silenced by $ and power
because they didn  t respect me the first time around
respect . it s our time ! 
] male dbp also owes me ten million plus  % interest compounded as banks do since  .
quite an insight for everyone who said 
.  he better lay low .
i was  . authority figure at my school .
it changed my whole life .
 more than  usa swimming coaches have been banned for life .  
vulnerability is the new black .  it s about time .
what do you think ladies ? 
danny masterson is being investigated for rape . bumping this to the top 
for the girls who developed early and were shamed into insecurity .
here s a prior look own records errors in oklahoma cps used to render employee incentives .
we do need to deal with the hidden pains & traumas uncovered by
righteous . anger . is . powerful .
movement tops  million tweets  via
corey feldman just blocked me this one for you feldman s net worth is about  2 mil still not right taking handouts from fans he should just do the movie already
but the response one time was you must have invited it 
again it happens in so many workplaces 
more evidence of change .  
in the great britain government . 
and i wonder if there is one man who could say !
even as the ship was going down titanic  s eight musicians continued to play on deck .
the latest aravind s science digest !  
did the driver of that jewel truck ( heading north on mccormick in evanston ) really just honk at me while i was running ?
i thought being ugly had it s perks .  but alas !
how zero tolerance polices backfire in the age of via
how zero tolerance polices backfire in the age of
zero tolerance polices backfire in age of
all the posts do not shock me .
i am not something for you to brag about touching
i am not what has happened to me i am what i choose to become .  - carl jung
i am not what happened to me . i am what i choose to become .
am sad for the sake of you .
too young too confused .
incompetence triggers devastating domino effects  - deborah young
the ebola virus needs to apologize to the outbreak
there are so many more who won t come forward either . that s what s scary
cameo in film at work 
the latest millionaires game ! 
lost in the shuffle today  -  -
can a bangladeshi woman tweet
the ratio of what to what exactly ? did you miss the it made it fairly obvious that this was a universal problem .
put your $$ where your donate .
sending you so much love .
yes sending you love .
sending you love ! i  m a
sending love to all
because significant others of all varieties need consent .
three years ago this month : 
years ago this month .
years ago this month actually .
the latest latino education magazine ! 
victim : my wallet and health insurance perp : obama
coming up  a et on
amidst the denouement of a week of fantasies about beating up a woman . 
thank you so much for your strength !
twice today actually .
you don 't have to say a word . i already believe you .
this news is just awful . 
many times .  blonde with looks and brains was a handicap
hundreds of times .
but it s men too . this world is messed the f up and yes
men of the world : you are not the weather 
the latest ka char agad la ! 
ex  - weinstein staffer says assistants were manipulated 
calls for a new way of being
he forgot to put
every man should in solidarity to magnify the spirit of 
in solidarity with all the victims that have said here is what i have to say
news & current affairs is out ! 
female lawmakers and lobbyists in capital :
beauty of the known as media  
and it is more common than what you believe .
did something revolutionary writes
did something revolutionary writes 
via did something revolutionary writes 
did something revolutionary writes about
and so many women i know .
and most women i know .
- and so so many women i know .
me too . and most women i know .
they let me know that women in the studio were rare and were either singers or  hoes . 
inspirational women and stories 
only democratic women have stories ? 
this is not a moment it  s the movement .
 is it a moment or a movement ? we cannot become complacent .   - mona locke on
analysis | a movement or a moment ? 
how can graduate from moment to movement by
how can graduate from moment to movement ( via
must add that i was at eight years old
do you feel beautiful and confident with who you are ?
the hashtag is heartbreaking
& are today s trendy hashtags
this clip is a great summary of what  s ahead
the collective religious experience of 
all i want is for our daughters to not have to say
it s time for us to embrace ( trump ) .  -
raise the hashtag ~
set up a gofundme so we can all help .
opinion : more than just a hashtag 
and again the originators of these tags ? many whom weren t online in that way ? or at all ain t my beef
because no one should have to say join us it s time to
remember that one time at harpo s ?
first time i remember was when i was seven .
new excuse for anyone on the receiving end of a accusation : i was researching her part .
me too . let  s make everyone aware !
i can t like that one because that sucks so much . it makes me profoundly sad
the incredible on her experience with 
have you been sexually abused ?
because my words are not every story
how many at fox news have said ?
esp in light of 
because  he  s just being a guy  is not an acceptable explanation for me
producers take on the scandal
i have been there too u definitely are not alone
it  s time to stop using passive voice .
relieved to see that say it made the list .
a post from the other side of the filter bubble
shouldn t that sign read 
it s not for twitter but that one broke me because i was already
conversation continues thurs at   -  workshop &   -  concert
because they were honest about some things
powerful statement from researcher 
some i don 't ever talk about except to a few very close to me .
since the age of  .  the irony of childhood .
but he did acknowledge she wa a victim .
these are strange times indeed . i just followed
get . his . ass . 
you read my mind !
sometimes it doesn t take  to tango .
report & block them !
what if she has been paid for her silence ?
thank you for being a safe harbor .
yes this the face of a false cryer . 
southern cross newsletter  - reformation  ; campaign bad pope s and more .   - 
four female senators say  
what great hero s we have ! 
till it happens to you
or no sex ? do you like me or not ? attracted to the unknown risk .
and ptsd is also increasing .  thanks 
the latest lead me d gazette ! 
the latest natasha knows ! 
a few times unfortunately .
another and quit explaining who he is we all remember anthony edwards !  
for the longest i was afraid of every man i encountered .
this is not something we can ignore .  - michelle obama
hillary can only hope
i can  t fit all my experiences into  characters .
.  no matter how much tongue she uses on daddy !
and i was called a liar
would prophet yusuf (  ) get to say | zara far is 
why don 't you check out the hashtag
because love shouldn t hurt !
why the movement is a issue 
make a choice and be a voice .
how do we get more attention ?
meet the world s most f  ked up  says
wrote this earlier .
see now your getting it joy !
the first time when i was  by the first guy i dated .
incredibly important 
hashtag is trending
the hashtag is now no  trending in us 
i stayed silent for almost  years .
for all the out there : dispelling the myth of the girl who cried via
normalizing assault is not normal 
been sexually harrased when i was young .
grindhouse as revenge ! we have said it before the answer is 
this is so important for so many reasons . not just for but 
the diane han el daily is out !  stories via
the serena ehrlich daily is out !  stories via
one version of from the theological academy why i didn t report  via
has reached facebook .
see potus ? this is how it s done . ( you too ore i ll 
this is hard . but necessary .
it  s disturbing how many posts there are .
adding one more voice :
how the weinstein scandal unleashed a tsunami
who are they ? let s start counting & naming .
just  a  second ( allegedly ) analogy is that had twitter been around then more people would have hung from trees . in context of that is rubbish .
new episode of !  a conversation with the originator of 
i was flashed while walking to work . 
just a question of how many times .
we are united together . call on others to 
tom price flights sealed this deal .  potus  rape a pre  - existing condition .
be curious about how you may be contributing to experiences of oppression and suffering .
ditto even if u pay the victim . 
must read if your a nut ! and is a must follow writer even though it s not even friday . 
standing up for those who can  t and in support of those who have . because
hear lizz s story .
but what s more important to me as well is that i have a son .
the latest local arizona updates ! 
how she looking right about now
the jewish  - education daily is out ! 
men what s your hashtag ? 
all victims count . every one of them .
  feminist  - news  - round u
~ on twitter addiction and other stories . 
by teaching & vowing to do better . 
first time when i was  3 y friend
it  s never okay to ignore .
is one big fat
it s time to end the silence .
this happened to me too once on a cabs bus i was  . 
patty brett  s lewd staffer blocked my efforts to provide scripts to then boss jay stern in  for sex
what decent can do in response to
i told him no . i told him to stop . he did it anyway .
it s called  the patriarchy . 
when will saying enough already be enough ? i was lucky i had witnesses . so many don 't .
and of course the hour department didn t believe us . you must have misunderstood .
join the movement 
read this . amazing ! 
i am a small female artisan not some greedy capitalist says jewelry brand criticized for cashing in on 
and they do not have to out themselves to your ungrateful ass if they do not fuckin want to
full text of remarks today 
starting at  years old .
( starting at  years old ) .
it happens in every field .
because some people are just poison ! day of is poison apple
never be afraid to speak out
as i said before it should be a documentary not a movie 
if nothing changes nothing changes . 
thank you for posting this !
my boss sticks up for my harrass er
incredibly brave testimonial . 
you are incredibly brave .
don 't miss today  -  - >  me too  cheapens assault via
when did get a little icon ?
the moment when is not surprising .
so she fights . and he sits uneasy on a chair that s shaking just because she said she would fight . and the is
once up on a time i thought i was immune .
stand with our sisters .
so we really gone do this with not a nod to and : 
maybe put that out there as an ally of
it never occurred to me how fucked up this thinking is . 
my earliest memory . to start with .
looking forward to it ! 
looking forward to
timely article 
article is spot on !
what happens after the campaign ? 
what happens after the campaign ?
if only the women of showed that same concern for women who will never be .
i love you with everything i have
the future is female
no more it  s time for a culture that embraces
rt  is about radical empathy 
no child deserves this .  
lou harvey of dal bar .
but sometimes sharing is cathartic
god s grace and forgiveness have gotten me through .
listen to my segment podcast | and manhood on anchor : 
i had been uneasy about the whole campaign from the start .
sorry . i was late to the campaign .
receives over half  - a  - million mentions over one day  via
receives over half  - a  - million mentions over one day . 
receives over half  - a  - million mentions over one day
and i wish i was just being sensitive .
the effect on the workplace
i guess i  m just so cute you couldn  t help yourself . who  s the animal ?
insecurity breeds fear and need to belittle another . up !  
 what it means when reaches iran  by yeg aneh rezaian 
in solidarity with my take on 
i was  . it was my dad . that  s when it started .
m  still kind of the problem . 
writer mark r idol f is response to me too : 
just popped in here to say i  m also a i was  the first time i was a victim of
you are not defeated beautiful and you are not alone .
us too  ( listen till the end
oh my what a surprise . not . 
i have a dream .  someday you will safely travel without being afraid of creeps staring pro positioning you or abducting you 
. weinstein fallout : state houses say 
i didn  t say anything because i didn  t think anyone would care or do anything about it .
vocational skills & peacebuilding ctrs .  are now in help rebuild lives !
it takes two seconds to say i believe you
for years when i was a young kid . again when i was in my  2  0 s .
that  still has   - something percent approval is a global universal intergalactic
heartbreaking this happened to you 
not just today but working until no one else says
except for little leia who was terrified of my 
the latest edge living ! 
so called pushing this campaign
sigh  i don 't like thinking about it . all of them .
if there had been twitter in  it would have exploded . once fixed janet could have tweeted
watch : ellen says
this is also tech  s moment 
heartbroken you don 't deserve this . reply : 
i feel left out on this one .
the latest eyes on ! 
i  powerful people don 't you ?
- the monster ( explicit ) fuck that . via
a man describing holier than thou attitude of men .
thank u and look where we are now . 
please let them know !
fine i came out with my homosexuality might as well come out with this .  me too .
it happened when i was  . he was a deacon of the church i grew up in and still attended regularly .
- it happened when i was  . he was a deacon of the church i grew up in and still attended regularly . i had 
i was  hide the children
little league coach . 
yes i  have paid the price but look how much i gained . 
how to make sure you re being a decent bloke in  
the latest just so you know .  ! 
it is dangerous to be a man who is dangerous to women .
love and i  m glad she  s being vocal about !
you don 't know that she responded . yes i do . i said . i have degrees in this . then she got annoyed .
refresh now for the latest newsletter . feat . our top commentaries fresh speakers updates & more !
humpty dumpty had a great fall .
if it will bring some change then yes .
too many seperate instances to list
thanks for writing this 
also holy shit
yes your daughters too . talk to them .
when will rocket man have his moment ?
lest you think it doesn  t happen everywhere .  it does . 
you never think it ll happen to you until it does .
thank you for choosing courage over revenue ! 
me too is why i have a fear of being in large crowds .
i outed my perp  years ago recounted in my  1 stop  that book . if we mob this strengthening individual no advance .
this is something even parents say 
on top of that  - mary and joseph never had sex !  
join us for worship this sunday . will reflect on and provide a 
because i can  t tell why my vision and ears aren  t working as well
i don 't secretly love it . it s a full blown obsession
the first time i was  and he was arrested within an hour . that was  years ago .
thinks this is also veronicas moment on
(  ) when i snapped don 't do that ! he recoiled . fired me next day .
what secrets do women lodge in their bodies ? on  jenny  s green women  and via
when one woman is unspeakable brave it lights a spark for us all .
the latest v . i . c . community newz ! 
i am proud of who i am . no more monsters i can breath again .
roman tribute erupts into protest in paris after new allegations  via
these are where the true statistics are unfolding and my narrative is just one of many .
[ sigh ] yeah
for years at more than one job at more than one academic institution i  ve been harassed .
for years at more than one job at more than one academic institution i  ve been harassed . 
every field has their own predators .  
and here it is  years later and nothing s changed .
thank you so much for reposting my words 
stand up america 
the reason some cannot say even if it applies to them . 
so of everyone who spoke out and said we are than we are apart .
from to  public responses
lady gaga sheryl crow and more tweet
hey still right ? or not ? 
their voice matters . 
publicity person . major studio . toronto . me too .
) it  s a problem that this behavior is so normalized .
a message from my friend 
this crosses all party lines .
tried to laugh it off as i was more embarrassed than anything else
told him you weren  t ready ?
louder for the people in the back 
once more for the people down the back . 
our word isn  t good enough because we are not the mayor when isn t enough in by 
in in on the street at work
my pledge to support ( originally posted at
we aren t your property . we aren t just baby vessels . we don 't need an explanation . we aren t just a hole to poke . we don 't need you .
we  reply people too 
because you shouldn t have to be quiet or alone 
- as recently as last week . 
my former minister responds to me too . thanks jim . 
can you name them ? replace with etc . let s support them !
thread disturbing . 
us  presidential candidate michelle hope walker speaks  -
~   youtube : michelle hope walker speaks
where is the mass media attention for of 
have you ever went on the record about this
) i unintentionally skipped number  in series . maybe because of [ yes
same shit all over the world . 
lysistrata . even though chi  - raq was a different reasoning the tactic is still sound .
one fifth of us know someone who said
so how many times can i write
important lgbtqia + community be recognized also .  
adam rubin __ wrote letter to the divine feminine from the wounded 
indeed should always be trending for survivors . 
because no one has a right to your body except you .
fresh hot takes ! 
the healing power of  - mindbodygreen 
the healing power of by  via
 a black man  s guide to a syllabus  by 
it  s everywhere . hopefully we can shine a light on it .
aren t the only ones . also r saying 
oh . and for the record .
relax it s deliberate . to divide people into camps is also us origin right wing too .
read this fuck   me
another german woman raped by afrikan rapefugee
another german woman raped by afrikan rapefugee 
a few politicians should watch this .  
thank you for your voice ! 
thank you for being a voice for the voiceless . harris
entrepreneur : how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as | by rose_leadem
how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as 
how and when should chime in on important issues such as
entrepreneur : how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as
how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as
how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as | by rose_leadem
how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as via
ever wondered what started the movement ?
. says molested her in post
will always be remembered first and foremost for the controversy . as a justice it will be ignominy .
step gently today . might be a minefield . 
sympathy ? enough . empathy yes perhaps . but mostly awareness .
if his victims had been boys .  
because it is part of the story . 
absolute must read . another kind of
has created anxiety and distress in and he is a
usually little dicks
of course . because all of us right ?
and this is a huge issue
a new article in the concerning raping 
a sad club we belong to !
i was and by a state employee .
because we  reply human
on stage talking about with
another reason to love 
another reason we at love 
love and solidarity .
meanwhile while harvey prowl ed the four seasons for years .  goop | a modern lifestyle brand .  -
age  and again at  . not pleasant memories .
that goes without saying
. had a publicist who was a made up where are all the that he groped ? he should also go ! 
that night does not define who i am it defines who he is .
what  s wrong with this picture ?
my article today in the 
what will you do to stop your daughter from becoming a
what advocates can learn from the successes  and shortcomings  of via
i  have been harassed in my neighborhood since i was  . a freaking child .
you   all paying attention to us now ?
if we make this all about harvey what   ever already lost . 
are policing the bodies and behavior of passengers 
the fitness industry isn t immune and it extends across the sexes . stand up !
powerful story & lessons from
one of my heroes  - because for more than one reason she is a champion of loving life .
jensen maritime group daily is out ! 
the girlfriend group daily is out ! 
it s extraordinary isn t it .  2  6  6 k tweets and growing .
and unfortunately by those who you would have never thought could possibly do so !
our silence contributes to the perpetuity and pervasive ness of in christianity .  - j . dana trent
what to do about me too ? a guest column by darren demarco white tiger dojo
everyone s body is their own .
gave a to a who her friend  via
all you s i love you !  feeling blessed
same . it took a breakdown and crippling ptsd . i  have been disabled for over  years now .
was once in crosshairs of lapd but this & advocates could cameo . this accu  - doc can be used for healing 
so this just happened : fuck . phil
it really is every woman
really is there a woman who could say not me ?
humiliated by the animalistic catcalls and whistling while your simply shopping for groceries with your young niece and nephews ?
.  still haven t really wrapped my head around it
the aftershocks of the earthquake caused by and are far reaching .  
kind   of sexist of you
- thanks for listening ! 
because i  have been screamed at on very full el cars and no one said anything
in this day of a poem by mary simmer ling : what i was wearing
as long as the catholic church still exists you cannot convince me that actually cares .
hey why do you employee corey lewandowski who is a journalists
twitter hashtags that have impacted me the most :
dear may i m : you are a victim too 
we never forget yet it will never define us
this is so disturbing but true 
how about mutual respect donald !
ultimately treat us with respect . that s what this is about . ( over and over and over again )
the latest library business ! 
look for other linking factors across all usa but particularly those w and no 
will usc always be proud of the bryan singer division of cinema and media studies ? 
what about molestation or does that count ?
left or right this is 
and it s the too part that s the most heartbreaking .
the most heartbreaking and truthful part of 
for all of trump s victims 
here  s where to find us today ! 
i heard that vlad may have dressed as monica in mtgs w / & had a cigar .
so you have to do more than be outraged . be fair ! start mentoring helping hiring equally .
why the movement is so important .
because we should feel safe .
last night i was violated by tequila .
deep in the heart of texas .  is racist frederica wilson
by tom pess ah . read the article here :
by read the article here :
for real .  the system is so fcked
is not just about sexual assault
how to stop the madness of sexual assault
there should be no statue of limitations for sexual assault .
apologises to for sexual assault  -
eddie huang : why i denied my sexual assault for  years  via
because he said he wanted to be a cop
fmc savvy times is out !  stories via
so many times so many stories . 
you ll be great ! we just need more of you !
vengeance is mine ; painted after she was raped by
the latest on trend magazine ! 
new s have been popping into my head all day
we gals are en route to put talent above historic hirings of money couches favors & ne pot i $ m
is it okay to respond ?
why do so frequently come up as targets of i re or friendship of in crowd ww and abusers
i will never forget what happened that afternoon 
they should have a financial about all the people who ripped you off one way or another all the promises .
clarity & honesty of this piece is so valuable and moving 
oh and by the way .
in the church of england should not come as a surprise
so the blood wouldn  t come through my pants . he ask forgiveness and i had to  years later
i can t even type the words so i will just say this
is coming for louis c . k ? .
hours heart pendant charm by
yes i was   -  years old . i can t forget about it .
the latest it s happening in flad_l and ! 
imagine if was handled as quickly as things i shrugged off then horrify me now  via
 ~ says ( our first mother ) unc i maka ( grandmother earth ) is 
said mother earth
because everyone wonders why i am so protective of my daughter .
me d school interview
i go to the police ! 
i am a rebel through and through . it is for that reason alone i was not keen to jump on the band .
i have a feeling brad is responsible for more than a few of the out there
this is the board room not the bedroom  - this is the board room not the bedroom
twitter is my haven for now i guess .
my biological aunt lied for her pedophile husband ! 
how could society let it carry on ? 
mark  the end does not justify the means .
and the potential for healing  ) via
on and the potential for healing  ) via
and the potential for healing
and the potential for healing  via
every blessing has a curse . if voiced your pain but you discount others suffering then your blessing became their curse .
finn wolf hard is officially a man . 
apparently this is what you wanted .
and time to talk about it : 
can . statistics ( sadly ) will never have the same effect .
boys who though pulling down tube tops was funny .
many years have passed but i will never forget
yes they are so smug they have gerrymandered and suppressed so many votes and cleansed voter rolls . my heart breaks for all
breaks my heart .
this movement is so powerful because
how powerful is the movement ? 
is such a powerful movement and i  m so with it !
both as a child and an adult . 
have you ever been bullied ( as a child or adult ) ?
being a means accumulating a lifetime of indignities 
mine was i  m on my period .
no is no no matter how it s told ! 
taking as an opportunity to learn can be transformative . via
sending to all who courageously shared their truths .
feat . holy grail ( free download ) via
the was created by a  years ago 
- the first time ? i was  years old .
.  the first time i was only  years old
the first time i was  or  years old . he was the teenage babysitter .
i was  years old the first time .
first time when i was  years old .
the  1 stop  that time i was  years old
how old were you when you posted your
what   ever been doing this for decades . 
as flash activism : my comments on | 
check out the latest from is frances
so her daughters can one day use instead of
too many stories to tell in  or less . but
too many stories to tell
too many times actually first time i was   -
too many times to count .
too many times to count
more times than i can count .
me too . too many times to count .
why my moment still haunts me  even four decades later  - 
every woman can say we  reply used to it . 
reply meme one recalls a who misbehaved toward a woman then a toned :
reply meme one recalls a who misbehaved toward a woman then a toned : 
don 't miss post on what means for christians ! 
the first time it happened i was  .
abc news : what is the campaign ?
campaign gains traction in east tennessee ( via wate news ) 
mine never was . sickening statistic
starting at age
almost a quarter century later and i  m still trying to figure it out 
from to to the time to stand up and say enough is enough !
i stand by you  1 stop  that time i was  he was  then i was   /
because not explicitly saying no doesn t imply any kind of yes
the silence is breaking .
these two words speak volumes
just try being a waitress for a day .
let s keep calling them out . 
with the rise of offline let s not forget about the it s  of many more pple  provides surviving preventing & overcoming .
my rap is doesn t believe he did anything wrong
wrong they believe you now beverly . 
tender age on brink of independence . haunts me evrydy in many fashions some  year later . flashbacks never leave
the head on boston & m a bids ; concerns ; gift & sun   &
cheering on for courageously sharing her story on  needless to say 
time for change !
it s time for a change 
now is the time for change . 
title ix is still the law of the land .
is scum but so r all the bystanders who knew & didn t tell .
you : why didn t you tell ? me : they wouldn t listen .
driving in my car
ready to hex the patriarchy ?  on
ready to hex the patriarchy ?
i missed obama s tweet about this .
wall street .  .
as the sun became red and the dust carried through the voices that echoed me too me too
campaign may come with  via thanks
willful blindness can no longer sanction our silence .
doesn  t go far enough : langley transition shelter
when the police say they can t do anything until he actually hurts you . 
 alternative resources to report concerns . use both links . and all that follows . 
i am honored to be a speaker at tomorrow s march and will be  
1  9  8  0 s osu  - did not realize i was drugged until many years later
can t stop thinking about the foot tickling principal episode of never been through it but he was such a megalomaniac .
multiple things you never dreamed had to do with
to the consulting manager who wanted to insert a disk into me .
over   comments and counting on twitter .
matters no matter what
shot heard round the world 
heard  round the world 
there are others . mostly mil dish too . but yeah my friends .
like almost all women and some men too .
we can end this together ! men and women ! 
and to women ( and men ) everywhere
& in women  s bible that empowers men 
by both men and women
the greatest threat to women are men .
when women said here s what some men said too
women and men disabled or not one is too many .
the victimization of women and the alienation of men are counter productive .
more times than i care to tally or describe .
i  ve had to carve extra time and effort [ from ] work to sidestep this recurring gray are a .  - 
make time to read this . 
whether you are ready to or not you are not alone & we are here for you . 
non  - disclosure clause silences the victim and protects the accused .
i felt the same until i read this .
.  the magnitude of the problem .
. hand raised . 
true  in my life .
you matter . you re not toxic . 
i was only  and naive . he was  and knew he  d have total control over me .
. al michaels  are you listening ?
tonight s random poll  -
hey just stumbled across you and thought this might resonate :  
at my work place .
this thread .  read . every . one . 
must read thread 
read this thread 
if you read one thread about or 
not alone . not afraid .
 well you did .   what can i do next time to improve up on saving myself tell me more
my latest in on the dangers of the campaign 
by the way i was in jeans and  sober . those facts were questioned . it didn t matter i said no . it mattered i could have harmed his reputation .
from being openly : groped spat on etc . 
one person can make a difference .
and it s made me scared until this day .
i was very young .  1 stop  that by a priest then by a group .
i will continue to survive !  kff 
.  i believe you . it s not your fault . 
is so obvious in his harassment of women but not one peep about it from 
4 k wifi sports action camera ult .
the last line .  truth . 
as with before moral of is on full display with .
ass hole no probs priti it was detracted anyway  -  -  -  - etc  -  -  -  - etc 
airhead started i would nominate her for a  darwin award  but sadly she has reproduced .
it s nothing to be ashamed about .
when a motorbike r stopped to ask for directions .  and was flashing !
we all suffered with this and yeah 
the list is long . 
i pray that my three daughters never have to say
that s just one reason i participate in
 hallo have you heard about me too ? if not read international newspaper .
even democrats can be fired for sucking at their job . 
kesha  - praying ( official video ) via
i added a video to a playlist
is utterly heartbreaking and overwhelmingly inspiring all at once .
it is so much harder than most can imagine .
s a man ello daily is out ! 
my actions didn  t  imply  anything if my words said no
moment for star treks anthony rapp . 
must read story from 
children a year are married in the us . 
occurs so frequently it s almost invisible . what   ever been conditioned not to even realize the extent of the damage . this is not okay .
i shouldn  t have to be part of this kind of statistic but i am .
every restaurant i worked in . 
it is their actions  not the artifacts of our survival  that should be enumerated observed criticized and scrutinized
somewhere an agent needs to be fired 
yes wondering as well . or in other words :
pieces of like this are the reason is necessary .  be i x sal once barber and beauty salon
for the times i felt overpowered defeated and shameful for being myself 
i said  you should stop or you  ll wake my friend up  he said  as if she would stop me 
and we  reply not done yet . 
i know more women in the club than in the club .
ohio state university .  .
sorry for the typos ; i can  t edit anymore . 
me too . twice when i was five . that was just the start .
this is too fucking real . 
ehen a person speaks out it s never to late
can  t tell the story but
and i tell some of my story in
this is very important . thank you 
and related thoughts .
. vs  - a case of entitlement & internalization of 
you can always relay on israelis ( in this case mossad ) for the dirtiest jobs . 
a little late but here  s one of my incidents . 
to when wrote about corrective rape for
on behalf of our team  -  - 
thank you for using your talents for good .
o den berg meets w officials over daughters involvement . my yvr friend was also branded . via
was on today and was asked about and
a different perspective on 
is reaching a different level :
personal to us or not  - is our responsibility .
with the red dot  in a row   ass out ted   now the burner 
anak anak bodoh malaysia  - a bodoh malaysian motorist bgl5498 fail2use car headlights  - die fast gud4 malaysia economy
airs at  we talk and and listen :
i will never be like i once was because of you . you fucked me up . forgiveness isn t an option anymore .
portrait of an incestuous pedophile + rapist . 
+ the incestuous pedophile + the rapist . 
promoted by fats domino amazon key grambling state
when i watched this boyfriend and i wept . 
teacher . senior year .
yell and scream at the perpetrators . 
did she happen to post ?
-  - edith bunker  years ago tonight  
everybody meet mr . me too 
the return of recovered memories | brendan o  neill | spiked 
no one deserves it more than his smug ass .
the latest root mean square ! 
god teaches us that were not alone .
being too under the influence to say no doesn  t mean my answer was yes .
cheers : for the thousands who were brave enough to say 
maybe confront the team of price and cagle in the outcomes to come for needs to . 
anyone following should watch 
because i can  t look them in the eyes
because it  s okay to be scared
that s right twisted freaks ! the children !
please do not forget 
are u lying to deflect from the fact that ? signed 
not to demonise .  spread awareness
spread awareness !
my dark and snowy night
i could have flipped the switch but i was too scared they would kill me .
nightlife and service industry is next 
who says twitter doesn t get results . 
thank you julia ! here s my latest   -
because this is the world we live in 
but what happens after media spotlight fades ?
was only the beginning . is the next step .  via
has created conversation and controversy . 
on the term sexual harassment : 
many companies sweep sexual harassment under the rug . here  s why they shouldn  t 
i coined the term  sexual harassment .  corporations stole it . by lin farley oct .
teens libraries and sexual harassment
californians say but enable sexual harassment . here  s how we could say
how endemic is sexual harassment ?  via
the ( and are rife with sexual harassment 
hypocritical to be a tool for and to purvey sexual harassment .
this is how shuts down sexual harassment
what are the psychological impacts of sexual harassment & researcher christie rizzo weighs in
tickets for the next w acl gathering here  - for a w acl gathering on sexual harassment 
and is still denying sexual harassment of
how can we stop sexual harassment ?
californians say but enable sexual harassment . here  s how we could say 
stop sexual harassment & cyberstalking . 
guessing it s becoming fashionable to in nice alternative to or 
second member of fierce five says she was abused via
just typing me too in a tweet is surprisingly difficult . 
i just wanted to say  years ago and it  s still fresh   
abuse of minors is priority then those enslaved by violence and blackmail
still healing . link in bio
and that is exactly why i prefer the dungeon where all intentions are negotiated standards are upheld and obedience is expected
one day we may not need a but until then  - 
you should probably delete your account . 
probably incestual molestation . she should 
this . after  years in silence i  have been braver to share  
she needed a hero so that s what she became .
this world needs for more in it . 
watt rotten timing given the campagin
sorry dear . .
i  m sorry dear one . .
it wasn t always the heat or humidity that drove me indoors to run on a treadmill in south florida . it s kn 
i  m surprised it  s that low 
and as our hearts break for those who say may we also mourn those who did not live to say it . 
now let s keep working to stop this awfulness .
heads held high . 
now that s a credible pending ethics issue that should be top priority !
. also by phone . he was quiet .
ask me why i love him again . 
all of these hurt my heart .
have a mac ferret t nice monday
i speak up to contribute to the end of the conspiracy of silence . 
liberated !  fuck the victim stereotypes
how would apple white incident be handled now ?
my is a take on trump on and more
 oh please . 
can t stop thinking about the hugely courageous
lust is like floodwaters that overflow it s riverbanks and leaves nothing but destruction in it s wake .
my loves ~ beyond perfect
i was molested at age  . how could i have prevented it ? perhaps i was too flirtatious ? was i dressed too provocatively ?
i miss carrie fisher  - but to be sure she speaks from the grave .
i wasn t planning to talk about this but .  i was about seven skipping home from the 
breaking board votes unanimously to expel 
i got to thinking about
i have a moment but am unable to talk about it .  yet .
when she says she really means me too
because i  m vague out of respect but should i even have that for you anymore
more storie to add to a seemingly never ending thread 
video of discoveries which didn t seem  2 b in print as questions on
my experience is sadly typical
my experience is sadly typical 
because these chains came with a price tag
me too . my kindness was often mistaken for invitation and navet . what a silly human race . i became more fearless over the years
i hope my daughter will never have to say
this is a beautiful response to 
resonates with woman around the world .
whether married or not . no means no . 
really insightful article
women stop discouraging other women from reporting !
reply : and won t let it happen around me .
funny but to  true . 
dj khaled voice anutha one . so fucking ridiculous . 
still creepy as fuck
heart wrenching . my first  years old .
this is just one of my stories and that makes me want
it s been  years and i still want   to know why
oh really ? she s a slimeball then
me out here faving everyone s tweets
thank you to everyone who participated . 
thanks for your interest ! see my petition at
set to release new starring
here is my open letter to you
you heard it all right !
love to every person everywhere
never going to happen . she is an insufferable opportunist .
if she were a man shed be news .
reply  - upping this thread with a 
per  -  since  there have been over  million responses and comments to 
all the updates break my heart .
interesting timing on this new legislation .
we can only hope justice will be served .
that s when dickhead put his hands on me 
- so many hashtags and campaigns . which one ?
i had my first stalker when i was  . pay attention to the first .
wow ! this is incredible ! 
it s not political either  - here s why they don 't always come to report 
love is in my heart what  s in yours
it s truly just appalling . but well never forget . 
i was a  year old prepubescent girl in  .
 you like it when i  m dominant   - md . up on being asked to come into his office
me too more than i  d care to admit . me too .
and i took a year to tell anyone .
my moms second husband . i still remember every detail .
we broke down the on and check out the results
will corrupt new york democrats bury this case too ? 
retweeted charles preston ( i haven t commented on because there is nothing for me to .
look at what you re wearing or why were you out so late . so .
- as a society we have to be better than this .
she is so full of crap 
of course . i  d like to hear who hasn  t .
love and respect until the end . rip mca .
 arizonans share their stories  by 
 arizonans share their stories  
. and share their stories . 
share their stories
jazz has more than it s share of stories . here is baritone saxophonist lauren s evian s .
because it took me a year to say it just in my head .
yes the response to should be not what did you to to cause it ? 
how passes as a joke . it s introduced to children and normalized .
first cat  - call : i was  .
great new tool to launch today !
great video of her !  we are pure .  
you  reply a warrior . fight on .
to all the people who are all for but who complain about think about this
when i read this all it makes me sad
so . here it comes . the predictable response to
part of my piece on the 
promoted by universal orlando fats domino paid in full
a conservative says because it  s not about politics . 
because disease doesn  t make a difference god forbid it  s on you
from why me to and yet to hear i believe you !
writers and others with work : call for submissions . 
for those choosing not to disclose tonight that s okay too .
yesterday : on chanel  . don 't be afraid i am here for you as much as i am for .
something to think about .
brought up so many mixed emotions for me .
there s a new low for you chuck wow .
there is no place for politics in
.  it isn t acceptable & won t be tolerated any longer !
this must not be tolerated any longer . fix it . 
longer than  characters 
] to repair the fractured bones in my leg & to put  metal screws & metal plate in leg so i could walk .
inspired by and  - thinking about what i do should do and can do .
for your friday listening : a spotify playlist in honor of that also recommends  
what experts know about men who
only my kids should call me mami .
the night he raped me because he bought drinks
guys in the pool untying your bikini top
obviously unfortunately
back when i was in college .
because i played drunk
this is how women expand the bravery of the women who said 
. has a way with words .
justice ? the beginning .
thanks for featuring such an piece 
. shows us why christians must engage in the conversations : . via
why am i always taking care of others that never really cared about me ?
me too .  - you are not alone . we are all in this fight together .
many times and still happens now and then
no other words needed .  just
our pain shouldn t have to be your evidence . but it s also our weapon . so
consent must be voluntary and cannot be compelled by coercion force threat or deception .
how everyone stepped out to be heard .
everyone you ever heard of is a
if anyone tries to assault you ( sexually or not ) whoop them . 
because fear shouldn  t stop me or others from living
when is ope y going to have a moment ?
on wednesday .  this moment and where we go from here with
it s not where you go to college . 
not enough room to comment yes ! on this . 
hey and i still can t call it what it was .
will the campaign change anything ? 
there are improvements just waiting to happen
i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on  via
i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on
 i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on by 
but to s credit never at me workplace
special .  and follow each other .  and follows
] dbp said he would kill that [ expletive deleted ] w / a bazooka  -  - blow off his head
being in environments like that is a simple violation as a human being .
is there a me too for human traffickers ? she made me wear daisy dukes & pose as advertisement ! 
here s where we should take the movement next  via
years old first job !
me too : can  t be won  t be .  silenced . image via victoria siem er on
but it doesn t have to define you . turn into
noch was zu there s something i d like to share about 
i am so sorry that happened to any of you & sincerely 
so sorry that happened to you !
it happened to me when i was young .
a from an amazing live performer . 
for an illegal & / immoral act ? that s a de  - facto non  - agreement
 what role does have in even in the best of circumstances ?
bit late to this party but
because  no  only works sometimes
so sad how many times .
i  m here for anyone who needs to talk .
i ripped that guy  s hand to shred with my sharp fingernails
the amount of days i spend singing my blues
but why is it up to survivors to call it out ?  via
but why is it up to survivors to call it out ? 
from passing suggestions and innuendos to severe actions none of it should happen .
how long must you reject the truth
you aren  t overreacting . it isn  t right . it isn  t your fault .
just over  hours left to 
i really think is mentally i ll .
i was molested as a child
don 't read this in mr . garrisons voice . 
the more that speak up the better .
afp : in paris the mostly female demonstrators in republique square waved placards bearing the hashtag  
in paris the mostly female demonstrators in republique square waved placards bearing the hashtag
because he said he wanted to be a doctor
i gave up after the me too necklaces came out .
meet artist in residence lilith mariana feature at s as a thursday   -  2 p at
hats off to for her hard work on and
geeze that was a hard one to write .
. and are bringing it ! we are with you ladies ! 
for myself my friends and my family .
thank you for sharing susan . 
thank you for sharing .
hillary clinton and 
 hillary clinton admits she lied about to muddy the waters & discredit him !
suburban outlaw pam sherman shares why she shared . 
even as i tweet this from the bus stop .
if won t do it then i won t go to see it !
not what means but okay . 
it s not something you want to dwell on .  but 
never forget how he touched me
did this just really happen ?
a reckoning .  holy mackerel is this a reckoning by a fellow academic  via
not alone . too many of us haven  t been talking about it .
i was ashamed . and then shamed .
what is rape culture ?
thanks  - this makes sense . 
voters should want better for themselves than this . 
prayers for all who suffer .
or when your date drugs your drink 
i find that are more vicious than any other group . 
let  s stop the blame and shame of 
wish i didn t have to type this but yes
i sincerely hope turns into  i believe you .   me too . 
i  have rode the public bus for  years so
go girl scouts
a good thread 
.  just a thought .  instead of declarations how about we name the jerks who did the damage ?
so many times that i don 't remember them all
me too . so many times i can t even remember them all .
more times that i can remember .
new website from providing ongoing support for the movement . 
i  support the movement .
i think we all can say  - me too . it s time instead to say
it used to be called the casting couch .  now it  s .  what  s old is new again .
you are heard you are loved
i never wanted to admit it but .
important thread . 
this is an important thread !  
important thread . use 
important thread 
important thread !  
college . i  ll leave it there .
because your face will not exit my mind
only  hours in and survey already shows the tragic results . 
voices : calls us to repentance
the equality revolution has been completed .  by the same that gave us cons 
 the square  : trust art and      
thank you and to all those who have said we stand * listener discretion advised 
instead of listening when i said no stop he locked the door .
leadership and : some thoughts 
though i can t share my story
share your story i  m here for you . 
share your story with 
i am a colorad an with a story to share 
my friend told me i seemed  into him 
for the it never goes away 
this is my assault story
check out ywca brooklyn presents : no eye candy 
this isn  t to reduce as  good  or  bad  it is much more complicated than that
so many feels rocking in silver lake last week all my 
the staff must be concentrating on recovery from the widely publicized scandal .
tom petty : no one  s got christ more wrong than the christians 
 please share with your relatives .
it happened to me when i was  . i was a child .
of course ! in the train on the road in an auto in the metro .
it is not your fault . you are not alone .
this article on and from  did not age well .
an article about in congress : 
your here  s what you need to know :
and that s more than you need to know .
thread rant on news .
adding a  5 th for the hashtags :
artist car on wheeler i adore you
not sure exactly what to say other than
homophobic abuse of power 
not going   to get into specifics but i will say
word cloud for from   tweets
article : christians must engage the conversation  -
i zone out for so long they think i  m a goner
willing adult participation is not 
please don 't shame the of no more !
- but really the hashtag should be
if he doesn t understand how important is
anyone tries to my daughters you re dealing with me .
nobody puts baby in the corner 
 i  ve got five inches of somethin to show you 
and the ghosts never go away .
brought the internet together 
ainsley hayes on the equal rights amendment  - 
good point !
stared at whispered at commented at groped at elbowed at abused at : on the pavement in the auto .
it doesn t matter what i was wearing or what i drank . i said stop i wasn t into him . no . the unseen bruises will never fade
 ongoing risk of is too little discussed and acted up on to protect
should be everyone  s issue
starting when i was  & i was the geekiest kid ever .
really flexing your comedic mussels with that tweet .
i thought he was examining me until years later when it came out that he was molesting underaged patients .
first when i was about  . lost count after .
how about exposing the perpetrators ? !
why chandan a agarwal  s take on the campaign is problematic by 
the latest e  - rainmaker *s  first light ! 
west texas newsroom sports anchor . 
what is teaching artificial  intelligence | digital next  - adage
what is teaching artificial  intelligence  - shelly palmer  via
adage : what is teaching artificial intelligence
what me too is teaching artificial  intelligence  - shelly palmer  via
what is teaching artificial  intelligence 
adage : what is teaching artificial  intelligence
what is teaching artificial  intelligence
what is teaching artificial  intelligence by
it was  . i  have never acknowledged this so publicly . i  have always been afraid .
everyone who shared the memes made on gauri lan kesh on gur me her kaur deeksha sharma has contributed to this . and
that should about cover it no room for mis interpretation .
because he thinks his actions were justified .
talking to my daughters about oof . 
i am so happy you have  characters !
focus on the boy 
to all those voicing i hear you . i stand with you . i vow to do more .
[ unabashedly me ] we need to talk about  -  -
why me too or any one of my sisters ? is it because were native american ? is it that what   ever been sexualized and dehumanized ? why us ?
be clear though : my sexuality wasn  t borne out of bodily trauma .
there have been   tweets . what comes next :
what bothers me may not bother who is next to me but if it bothers either of us or both of us should probably stop and respect .
because the clinics look scared for me or of me
high school .
in high school
this episode of is everything . 
there are ( sadly ) a lot of us .
> moments are only just starting ! 
what happens after stops trending ?
three times i was assaulted
to those whose eyes are the size of the moon we are your pain .
another disgusting pig 
needed moment for 
to those using i am amazed by your strength bravery and honesty . 
this whole giant trending tag  -
heart goes out to you on that one .  been there
except not the  girl  part  
brilliant idea is out !
notice who s not tweeted
i was  working as a lifeguard my first job .
my first boss kept messing with my collar i was  .
we are standing with and this is one of our many reasons why
before i even knew what sexuality was .
together & united we are stronger than our assailants .
we are stronger holding on to each other .
and one of the last posts tonight .  from 
rude . . . my scars are to deep for just a me too
a1 : was there pressure to share with everyone ?
good on you . even more respect from a
claire voy ant | the risk of being human 
the great is always right mr 
we will not stay silent . 
doc ran ? maybe it s because you re insignificant . would hate  - f**k  the aforementioned souls .   
thank   you to ( the world is with you ) 
i wonder if knows these have surfaced ?
the blind eye of entertainment 
great list . 
i see you and stand with you ! and
the answer is that sometimes smiling is our only option via 
his lawyers were banking on me not showing up .
nobody should ever have to deal with stuff like that . ever . 
we support the campaign
now  that are really a lot 
was abject ly & wholly undereducated about education . 
breaking the glass ceiling should not involve a flaccid penis 
me too . so far over  million posts .
lion king  - what did you do that for  - the past can hurt  via
gains steam as france considers catcall ban 
moana is a beautiful portrayal of overcoming trauma . 
gain strength through your voice
i was fired and he still works there
new article via how to turn into
you are correct opened the floodgates also  -  - 
screenshots of posts + don t s . don 't reply
because of everyone is coming out now .
we are a country with no leadership ! him  .
i ll remember how far he s carried me .
thanks for rt
yeah what about don 't you like us anymore
thoughts on a thread :  /
rt would be a good alternative
 was it really my fault ?  no . no . no . never .
swedish opera singers . relative to the u . s . population it would be around   coming forward .
the problem with the campaign 
q2 : what prompted you to share ( or not ) to the movement ?
if i wanted it i would ve made it clear
tariq ramadan operator non  - act ief in oxford 
tariq ramadan operator non  - act ief in oxford
ever  - amazed by the courageous kelley kidd who published her on maybe in
i have been part of the problem
i can  t say and that  s part of the problem . 
two words tonight :
wondering how you could forget this  - is a 
former host joins next !
yes . that s exactly what i was thinking . 
remember you are never alone .
flared but won t endure writes
we are survivors not  victims  . 
: victims and survivors
we aren  t victims we are survivors . but we shouldn  t have to be .
after harvey weinstein & donates salary from upcoming woody allen flick to
harvey weinstein cast pet caribou in santa clause  . caribou say now
all the other harvey weinstein s 
it  s been  years no longer wounded but forever scarred .
jeffy sold  services  when he was a kid .
it happened to if victims of and band together .
where s liberals fake outrage now ?
opinion | how i found my outrage
opinion | how i found my outrage 
this is such a heartbreaking thread . 
urgh that s just bob being bob heard that one before .  
hey facts matter !  
difficult to say but necessary
a sticker to keep your urethra closed during but does it work ?  - via
can someone inform me about the hashtag ?
hmm i wish you didn t advertise anymore .  
glad they have a sense of humor 
because i was called damaged goods and to just forget about it
& for prez &  !  i hear there will b openings .  right ?  
 if i was asking for it i would  ve asked for it . 
the more things change .  
add daughter to too 
we are survivors . we will get through this .
that  s awful . i have removed my over application after watching that
if all the who have been an wrote me too . as a status we .
at least once a week
he is ceo of another company now .
if you can  t stand the heat get out of the kitchen
and i will never again be silent because of my daughter .
  you need a thick skin to work here   by 
mansplain bites by m mad son | redbubble 
here  s what the hashtags actually mean
for as long as i can remember .
my name is nissa  as a child then
do you think the movement is causing those around you to be more introspective ? #
let s not forget this image while they re coming out with
we should respect girls .
i thought it was normal . 
great effort from and about the path forward from
and because it has become so normalized i maintained real life and digital connections with both of my attackers for years .
wife beating is allowed !
qandeel baloch when asked about acceptance in showbiz industry . 
verbally physically relentlessly
what can we do to make sure isn  t just a trend ? :
hey here s some evening reading for you . 
a q & a with creator of and a former philadelphian
princess joins the team 
/ if you re a man and stared at a woman because of what she wore say why don 't you ?
opinion : listen to the  me too  chorus
you have nice legs . you should wear dresses more often .
do you have a mother or a sister ? tienes mama o hermanas 
these words from  - please be a prophet as well as a poet
the tweets are heartbreaking .
another version of from american christianity  
so sorry . you are enabling this . thanks . 
grateful for brothers like this . 
* cues survivor by destiny s child *
in case anybody was wondering .
fx cuts ties with louis ck after his me a culpable 
great . what action ? what intervention do you suggest ?
this is absolutely heartbreaking . 
not ashamed of it . not guilty of it .
and he was actually elected president and no one said
teachers taught us well since
as seen on facebook :
maybe not from this garbage bag . but from professional dicks . a dr . a chiro . to many to mention . 
eight years ago today .
more times than i would like to think about .
thank you so much for your kindness and support .
this is how many of us feel . thanks
   why decided to publish her book in japan 
  why decided to publish her book in japan 
 why decided to publish her book in japan 
me too . year  old tambin . it . is . not . okay .
and by a fellow colleague nonetheless .
well then this makes him complicit in these crimes . 
birds of a feather . and money should not make you above the law . 
because boys aren  t  just being blue  when they snap a female classmates bra strap
how can we fight silence as a  condition of employment  ? new from referencing
das ist sexism us . ? view = amp . bild mobile . html 
please join us for at  ist
there are some things you just don 't talk about . that doesn t erase their existence .
roy moore should drop out . his conduct makes him unfit to be a candidate . 
the overwhelming numbers of  via
happy for your successful healing !
everyone should have to hear this 
and we can name names .  woody .
. there is an embarrassment on all sides we haven t figured out how to deal with so we don 't . ( thread )
the advocate mag : it is not reflective of who i am said
the advocate mag : naturally .
the advocate mag : another one bites the dust .
the advocate mag : kryptonite for any production .
the advocate mag : will be arrested ?
okay but were you sharing me too messaging for publicity ? 
well this tweet didn t age well . 
what  s your ? your ace score can affect your health .
because it  s okay to talk about it
respect loyalty honesty are so rare these days .
my husband rip was survivor .
let me count the ways .
this is a great piece by .   via
editorial : trend ignites unity awareness .
consent is a clear yes not the absence of a no .
perhaps i should have labeled this q1 . laughing  out loud which is :  . .  anyone else ?
tom petty and the heartbreakers ; playing dumb ( lyrics ) 
jessica chastain reveals she was spanked by a producer 
any chance that will clean this up ? 
commas mean everything
the latest today is out ! 
the latest being today
it started when i was nine years old .
nope . reality + no more crap
a who looks like a pig and also acted like one . mira & max were spared .
still don 't want   to talk about it but
i don 't want to talk about it but
it was  . i still don 't want to talk about it .
do you have anything to share on campaign ? .  
when a complete stranger walks up and asks how much you charge for a quickie
i was a lucky one ; i was believed .
re watching forever and ever
elizabeth perkins ?  anything ? !
brave and heartfelt  - all love to you
your actions were not a  compliment  and i didn  t consent
and still many of us remain quite 
never promote what s wrong with your silence .
because coercion is still r*pe  and being afraid to say no is not . my . fault .
why are people not naming the people who disrespected them ? is that unlawful ? or are we still fearful to do that ?
opinion : let be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in stem
working through it while writing .
a deep howl is building .  yes it is yes it is .
check out our ed dissecting with : 
seriously we won  t be silenced . 
just seeing the is sad !  but
westminster staffer says she was sexually assaulted by mp 
kidnapped from a shopping mall & sexually assaulted . 
says she was sexually assaulted when she was  
me too . there are too many  me terms  of  service . 
i hope your heart is cleaner than theirs
should be a call to action for bystanders
how long will it take .
and for years i thought it was my own fault . until now .
you are not alone . we believe you . 
yes angeles california
can avoid the pc backlash ? via 
can avoid the pc backlash ?
but thanks to she now is compelled to tell it ? fishy
because i played dead for them to stop .
talking about with our mother s 
talking about with our mother s | va
talking about with our mother s
language matters .
wow let us never shut up . 
an important read . 
is not just hollywood s problem  via
it s real and it s wrong .
i  ve debated tweeting this for days now
all too familiar . horrific . 
look how brave we are .  when we are all together .
hundreds in rampant  - huffpost 
when a w make difference between a pig and a genius .
and why did they lady do this to her own son ?
professional tip : maybe don 't with your pitch emails
with executive leadership coach via
far too many of us by father s and grandfathers . 
i could write a book .
when you can  t really do anything because it was two of your superiors at work
such a good read .
this is a good read . 
here s a good read concerning 
we all have the power .  and yes we can all do better .
i  have been reading your posts .
happening now : rally in boulevard
speak up and change this . 
because there is no fossil fuel usage in hollywood . okay . 
nice peo m but your actually re forcing the bullshit .
community resources :  
i can t find any other words besides
where to begin ? still can t find the words .
when she was  so like  years ago .  steven seagal not steven no way 
 but what about reality  - checking ?  responding to concerns about 
rt iog tint : i ogt international daily courier is out ! 
isn  t already politicized ? you  reply deranged if you believe that .
kind of freaking out by at this point
this is absolute bullshit and perfectly illustrates what a liar and jerk is . 
have you been seeing all over facebook ? i have .
we matter . we come together with one voice . 
a client grabbed my boob and i punched him in the face
i was only  he was a  family friend  .
watch me call out assholes here 
getting blunt with my daughters because  via
please read this !  
please read this . 
please read .  
please read : 
it  s not hollywood . it  s our culture . 
consider this your notice . 
it s not about my looks what i wear & what i do . it s not on me . it s on you . own it .
too many incidents for  characters
we grew up together . i thought we were friends .
i thought we were illinois friends !
hot off the press ! the clara bow chronicle is out ! 
all of a sudden ever guy is an uncontrollable sex machine that can  t be tamed .
christy turlington burns says modeling industry is surrounded by predators  via
another one to ponder . but will anything really change ? 
the conversation around is complicated . these  comics illustrate why . rt zaibatsu
yesterday i took  chairs and a sign that said to the river market . here  s the result : 
i believe leigh co rf man .
sexually harassed ?
been sexually harassed ? philly region says
swedish opera singers say they were sexually harassed  slipped disc
is on fire : city hall in motion + are the topics tomorrow . are you coming too ? 
let them on my bed . mistake . 
mutt takes interview off ?
in academia and science . 
finally we have a voice .
save the dates  &  7 th art installation
my sons will not be the cause of a
it counts as being just a kid .
from  - due to the toxicity inherent in the heteronormative patriarchy 
it  s funny that he responds to her claims 
speak up thank you 
for my friends who have but are not on twitter
once it was my employer . in front of other colleagues . and no one cared .
a reminder of this except from emily does letter to brock turner :
stand against of all the 
and stand against
executive stand against 
 and by the way hashtag  - andrea mitchell accepting her award
it doesn t matter what industry you re in  - me three me four .  -
are you a dude ? congratulations ! do the following :
on with brought me to tears
it  s so beautiful and so painful
[ accountability ] has to be built into our institutions schools colleges + workplaces . rick weiss bour d on 
powerful read : 
this is a powerful read . 
that  s a wrap on the another day in the life of a
breaking & under investigation by beverly hills police 
my ex  - husband
unfortunately they haven t changed very much .
and she said this was inappropriate . so he said here you don 't deserve laurels you must embrace the thorns .
i was  coming from school .
did you know this ? movement has roots in philadelphia
fabulous idea for a sadly yes
hey judd can you make a list for us ? can you ?
the atlantic : all the angry ladies ! 
at the we believe you and we can help you .
i wonder if there are any ties to for all who posted i am praying for you .
here is something to do to help 
your advertisement w / is consensual  - maybe as others drop ads you should consider
 man visibly irked by campaign  by 
 man visibly irked by campaign  
scotty supporting & soaring solo artist
love it ! i am not a but i support all who are . 
because i respected them enough to not mention their demons .
when you reference the photo of the sailor and the nurse you should say  forcefully kissing  as it was not consensual
keep them coming
leave it to artists to compose the most electric manifesto of left me breathless and cheering . 
reposting i was groped on s and hill road
oh of course
oh and of course .
year has passed no progress been made 
i finally called him out on it he responded by blocking me
it seems like they can t keep trump from retaliation !
rally with my kids . representing
arrest warrant issued for rose mcgowan in connection to drug charge 
an arrest warrant has been issued for rose mcgowan on a drug charge : 
consent is everything
some jump on .  but the few at first .  they .  never forget .  truth !
love you for igniting  years ago ! 
wants to normalize paedophilia ! any uproar from & others about this ? no . but let s trend & make it all about us 
my feed is full of
for everyone who is brave and bold !
to those who unfortunately are able to say
stop the silence . stop the violence .
is cover for empowered have disproved the 
rape is not about  sexy  or  horny   - it  s about power .
6  0 m americans elected a molester to
the patriarchy exists only because we allow it to .
but instead of expressing outrage many russians displayed sympathy for her rapist .
it makes me so sad that you ve had this happen to you as well .
also survivor & respect for all reactions   
welcome to the era in politics . 
from before i can remember  -  - up until he died when i was  . again at  .
i hope i can do more than just say  i  m sorry for what you  ve been through .  
thanks for sharing
thanks for sharing this ! 
a little late to the party but
years ago did not talk about it to anybody
why continue to protect them ?
how got it s power .
there are secondary victims of rape too .
yes !  destroyed our satellite ? !  with actual humans = = 
getting schooled by on closing the deal
the latest yuji s times ! 
the latest the pakistan times !  ~ features
the latest prometheus digital times ! 
retweeted | ( just because i didn t say no doesn t mean i said yes .
over  million tweets have reportedly used while facebook has had millions more . 
in many different ways .
the movement of  - the atlantic  thank you
sadly the question should be who hasn t ?
it is humanity s greatest travesty and it continues to be . 
but what should i say ?  tips to decide
but what should i say ?  tips to decide 
but what should i say ?  tips to decide via 
the price of ( trigger warning )  - amanda magee
that s all . no energy to share today .
for myself & all of my female friends .
this is must read for everyone . 
still waiting for statement .
i didn t think anyone would believe me .
retweeted rid him a k and r u ( . i suppose the rhetorical question here is
the latest the & more daily ! 
the latest the original intent daily ! 
the latest the lilly evans daily ! 
the latest the woodland technology daily ! 
the latest the daily perry ! 
the latest the much u i daily ! 
the latest vivacious veronica daily ! 
the latest the j willie daily ! 
the latest the daily lerd ! 
the latest the alternative medicine daily ! 
the latest the dpp daily ! 
the latest the fiona mulliner daily ! 
the latest i taalk daily ! 
the latest the discourse daily ! 
the latest nys innovation daily by ridley m ! 
the latest idp daily  - patents & technology ! 
the latest paper . me daily ! 
the latest the a gah i daily ! 
the latest & daily ! 
the latest the we are the hartman s daily ! 
the latest the tampa  - bay  - nonprofit daily ! 
the latest d . c . international ist daily ! 
the latest the corelli violin daily ! 
the latest the bst at daily ! 
the latest the rami kantar i daily ! 
the latest the denny lyon daily ! 
the latest the technology daily ! 
the latest the ganesh bhat daily ! 
the latest the daily  ! 
the latest the gale one daily ! 
the latest noon daily x two ! 
the latest the buddy mize daily scoop ! 
the latest the daily ego ! 
the latest the scott t hacks ton daily ! 
the latest the myrtle beach vacation daily ! 
the latest the jacey s daily ! 
the latest the kenyan banker daily ! 
the latest the celebrity sagittarius daily ! 
the latest the karma peir daily ! 
the latest the ben huynh realtor  daily ! 
the latest the daily ! 
the latest the so cent daily ! 
the latest the e techno rize daily ! 
the latest the ronin daily ! 
the latest the miguel liza r raga daily ! 
the latest the raj daily ! 
the latest the zulkhaidarsyah daily ! 
the latest the cheryl t . moreno daily ! 
the latest the me choices daily ! 
the latest the vancouver homes daily by v reg ! 
the latest ows daily ! 
the latest seminar i um brasil daily ! 
the latest the cf_p in daily ! 
the latest the marv an shamma daily ! 
the latest the daily drone ! 
the latest akara box daily ! 
this is the guy who raped me
just gave us a master class in communication
just gave us a master class in communication 
just gave us a master class in communication by
life can be good again !
sorry friend . i was already a at  as well .
oh ! i should say anything i tweet i can have documents / witnesses / both to verify . i don 't have the imagination to make this up
what taking a knee  your country actually looks like
i stand in support of
she said if i didn t tell the garda i wasn t going to pursue it she would make me homeless .
who s going   to tell him ? 
me too . it runs rampant in all industries .
so is not  - stunt  deflect from allegations on child
have you seen this video ?
is there anything like a play similar to the vagina monologues ? if not there should be .
too long for twitter
your bravery helps all of us 
maybe will reach over and simply kick the chauvinism out of during the junket
yeah of course
and what does it say that those of us who throw those fits are the ones kept out the loop
wondering about the roots of heartbreaking .  via
sounds all too familiar even after all these years . 
this sounds all too familiar . 
crisis measures planned as wave catches swedish tv4 
like every woman i know .
i don 't know any woman who is not a
and me . and every woman i know .
- and every woman i know 
i don 't know a woman who hasn t .
every woman i know !  !  
explain to me again how is in the position he is ? !  
your simple objection is not enough . prove your disgust .
jewish teaching : must behave with integrity to overcome evil inclination
we are woke ! in the am episode v  via
my hero of the month !  brav is sima !  
but her saying something likely prevented further grooming kidnapping etc .
because i was playing crazy
and all the children pimped out my their own mother s
isn t a he s a fucking rapist !  
i wish it wasn t so but sadly it is .
all of this thread . yeah .  
there is no shame in being a survivor !
the latest the wie cher s post ! 
the latest the mckinney post ! 
the latest blc post ! 
well that just triggered another memory for me .
every tweets should rt with hastag
if bat sheva had had the chance would she have tweeted
breaking : ky gov calls on to resign . 
another creep who should be criminally charged and his greedy or dumb celeb enablers after all the 
twitter is powerful . 
if i never say that doesn t mean it ain t happen
for me and for every single human on this planet .
yes needs intersectional it y . thread 
this happened to me too . i believe you .
so now you stick up for abused children ? pathetic . 
proudly sharing this powerful comic 
proud to march with the 
i believe you i stand with you and all of 
whether you are hashtagging or not .  i stand with you . i believe you and you are enough .
he did this to circa  new  york  city .
voices must be heard on and
the internal  server  error  - no  - kamikaze daily    thanks to
reason i hate relatives .
so aptly expressed the urge to minimize is deeply ingrained and underscores the importance of 
a heart  - wrenching piece by advocating for and not 
a question i haven t been able to shake answered beautifully by 
sad truth .
we pay for it everyday . va
freedom ~ equality ~ fraternity the > > >
airport parking just  minutes from the terminal . reserve now at . available in
new : i talk simplicity and more with at > powerful insights :
austin is a despicable piece of shit ! 
emphasis on the word  business  
adding to the narrative 
the latest the twitter s chronicles ! 
credit where it is due for visit
opinion : humanitarian agencies are not exempt from here s how they should respond
opinion : humanitarian agencies are not exempt from here s how they should respond 
we are all connected by this trauma but we can all tackle this together . and we will stop ignoring the elephant in the room .
i stand with all of you . we aren t alone .
this reads like  -  -  - yes the russia  - trump investigation is real  via
be strong and proud
is the book inspired by it
next in our wildfires james corden larry flynt rough wknd box office dogs at disney
truth !  well put !
it can happen to anyone and it  s never our fault .
here s how to someone for on  - buzzfeed news 
more than once .  it was always about power dominance of someone essentially weaker than i .
and i  m not giving details to voyeurs .
this thread is just a river of pain
in california  s capitol legislators say
me too . it s not our fault no matter what anyone says .
- denial  of  normal  t come knocking in elko envy
denial  of  normal  t be a sheep
when he gets around to it will follow through with suing each one !
i want to be those man
me too .  no  - one should live in fear of
how is exposing the scale of | 
creepy chiropractor who insisted on hugging me after each adjustment . gross
 be i [ place name removed ]
my thread from when i might have died last night 
this was a sad week .  depressing
your daily news from christopher hyde is here ! 
nurse lyss i e daily news is out ! 
* i was a guy and i  m sorry 
i was a guy and i  m sorry  via
 i was a guy and i  m sorry  by 
poster child for the boys clubs .
no means no . there is no room for interpretation .
not just what happened to me but how others responded when i told them .
in this terrific piece explains why raya sarkar  s list is not vigilantism 
the seismic implications of the day of reckoning has come and it is long overdue .  via
tracking the protest through art via
how to be a decent dude
if you re at mizzou check out i you re ready . 
great conversation on unfiltered se with and the gang .
a re pine on shitty feminists  via
sorry to hear it .
so sorry to hear .
accusers can be sued writes lecturer
- today is  and i stand with as i also am one .
everythin g is under controlled if we develop fear of god in ourself .
i am a life long them who dem exited after the convention fiasco in philly .  now independent .
so much in this piece that touches on the themes i  have been mulling over in this watershed moment of and .
thanks for being brave .
my hero founder 
what it is your opinion about scandal ? i am very impressive for this
finally . there is an as a response to the
french is ( out your pig ) 
the french translation of is or rather out your pig .
what a little attention whore .
gold a again for the win ! 
characters landscape  - shifting campaigns and a resurgence of gamers threatening devs ?
 how many more victims of dustin hoffman are there ? speak up
if you are not asking why not body  od our then is pointless
grab that pussy ? !
getting high on his own supply and 
is an excellent example of how can be a significant instrument of
i also honor those who can t say because they were denied the opportunity to be here .
listen to the voices of 
one of the saddest but most important threads to gran ce twitter . also 
from campaign to movement
hits it s next stage
hits it s next stage |
emma thompson on the crisis of masculinity ( via 
every workplace has a who treats you like dirt after you report him
this isn t the only instance i  have been harassed by a man but it is the scariest one .
and the one he molested was  . and being single is irrelevant . 
because it  s never funny or just a joke .
heartbreaking . why is trending ? explains . 
awareness is the first step
you  reply not that cute . and i  m not that old .
it s amazing that anyone would question so many ! 
 look for the moment when pride becomes contempt 
it s not your clothing . it s not your feminism . it s not your education . it s your assailant .
between and there needs to be a strong !
and yet you invite bill clinton to be your keynote speaker at your gala . isn t that hypocritical ? 
 via for android obam bill clinton is a .
so many events in so many places .
to whom should i complain ? did i tell this / who would believe me ? shakespeare our contemporary
all trolls responding . drives them crazy ! 
publisher of the new republic resigns after misconduct claims .
for guys reading testimonies  courtney martin | on being 
for guys reading testimonies  courtney martin
for guys reading testimonies 
for guys reading the testimonies : wisdom by courtney martin .
for guys reading testimonies  courtney martin 
the catcalls the gropes  - it s why i walk to my car with my keys in my knuckles .
expose and denounce and with the tag . 
in church mosque temple coven synagogue whatever  -  - lives there by kate brunner  via
four years later : the wounds have healed but scars will always remain .
the wound is the place where the light enters you . rumi
this thread . my heart 
i was  . my grandfather said i could be a movie star .
and now what ? read our new post from mylene  -
read the whole post :
this is the problem with today  s flawed logic !
will discussion turn up pressure on oc labor feds julio perez ?  via
 we shouldn  t have to make facebook posts 
and the post  - weinstein megaphone of 
a few of my chronicles .  the ones that follow me haunt me .
we are all the rose growing through the crack in the sidewalk and we have thorns .
from groping to gestures while sitting in traffic
i love this . carrie fisher would likely also be saying 
reply  - sharing this because 
who s got your back ?  - >
summoning joanne tonight for some extra healing .
where d he ever learn this i wonder ? 
must be taken seriously . must be taken seriously 
makes me scared to have daughters .
just in .  from web log : yes me too !
and us : guest web log by rachel delia be naim 
bearing withness ( via eric mint on web log )
california lawmakers say amp . html 
also  - f kevin spacey
totally a event . by u . s . customs no less .
long ago but it never fades
encouraged me to this . i know .  you know .
when a male is more victim of ( by others ) than
 empowerment through empathy  
marv albert has got to go
because instant  message with you .
and while instant  message at it
instant  message not your mommy and in the bible 
but instant  message too scarred to say why .
for all those instant  message always here !
hear conversation with about 
check out this video : wrongly suspected  via
when questions aren  t enough we shout answers .
the whole time my skin was crawling but i was  and didn t know what to do
that s only his supporters .  the majority of us are disgusted by both .
all that is missing is the nut sack and then we can kick them both repeatedly to the curb 
because i  m  old enough  right ?
a former member of
archive : sarah monahan blasts cate blanchett for thanking robert hughes partner at | 
podcast : dale discusses why the phenomenon is ridiculous  -   via
at first no one thought we were for real
were each a fucking with her is everything .
the latest climax news roundup ! 
the latest b  - digg news ! 
the latest c news ! 
the latest egypt without corruption news ! 
the latest i moan ministries news brief ! 
the latest vans marketing news ! 
english with raymond latest news is out ! 
maybe one day i ll be brave enough but for now i ll just say ;
upcoming event with the imperative  co education at mit in the  5  0 s   6  0 s
help me and other survivors 
just one woman  s story of casual
every woman has a story 
but we do just when we give it a thought we all do 
and forever changed .
my boss was afraid of me after that .
we care . you matter !
corey we care you matter ! 
. wants to run again 
for my brothers of color .
respect for all who have shared .
you started who better than you to restart the
episode   - the la .   - 
can t let this happen on our watch !
live on with talking about 
mary louise kelly properly grilled ceo mohn . 
how many careers will be destroyed and jail sentences handed down during all the ?
and that i  have only been harassed and not assaulted .
days left ! pendant + charm by on
sometimes it s the husband
so sorry you had to live through that
i think that has enabled many to speak 
just looked at says it s up to  million . lots of languages . 
wow this video is now at  5  3 k views ! 
million female twitter users as of  according to a study . so  5  0  0 k is likely only a fraction of those who d say
can anyone hear my voice ?
scared is my state of being .
is not a hound hounds have a use . the south has substituted intelligence 
and why am i not surprised that it s trending !
in soccer they don 't just slap the bottom they go right for the crotch 
four times in my life !
hey alisyn camerota s town hall was amazing !
at this point i fear there are more of us than not .  
females also have their minds on victimising types of males .
because i ditched my old life just to make a new one .
on social media
why is taking over social media . 
our university rector on last events 
to dig into that as well as other questions raised welcomes  -  -
on downfall death and the patriarchy s endless last gasp ~
this is by far the best one 
the magnitude of a lifelong curriculum in cultivating courage .
i don 't want to share . but
who has ever said for her in america ? state of missouri v . celia a slave . 
harassment is harassment and there is no excuse .
the latest opt avenue !  thanks to
the latest the missouri messenger !  thanks to
the latest recap !  thanks to
the latest the miller metro !  thanks to
the latest historias dem a condo !  thanks to
the latest the sporty socialite !  thanks to
the latest charrito23 voces !  thanks to
the latest gaurav s gift to you !  thanks to
the latest el gonzalo naya diario !  thanks to
the latest eds standard !  thanks to
the latest the lc chronicle ii !  thanks to
the latest the ad hoc h update !  thanks to
the latest the oracle !  thanks to
the secret is out . the intension is to provide an example of the  ever after . 
we support we believe we are together ! 
respect to for this careful and thoughtfully articulated response . 
why ? because the team lost . 
me too . of course and also her and her and her and her and her and her and her and her and her and her and her & probably you too
it happens to boys too
which direction will information fall ? 
oh my  god the nerve ! 
oh my  god .  this is perfection . 
oh my  god this . 
one of the reasons i never married .
i am so professional leaf blower now it  s not even funny .
i am so glad to belong to a church which addresses from the pulpit .
cc as a board chair alison mccarthy responds to 
waiting for the rally to begin .
grateful for now waiting for
log date   -
whatever that fear was i  m already forgetting how it felt . 
] .  that amt to be paid still is one million plus  interest compounded as banks do since  .
tell that to all the that weren t about weinstein .
and the scale of the crime 
is someone saying because of you ? are you
my human z says sadly more than once
for anyone still too afraid or just not ready to say
back when i enjoyed going to never land ranch .
because a girl abused me when i was polite to her .
corey feldman names another of his abusers 
so .  this feels amazing
retweeting because i posted this late last night . 
anyone . everyone . no one is immune . no one is alone .
it s difficult to say publicly .
oh yes i am wise but it s wisdom born of pain . 
not going   to go into detail but just  -  - me too .
what is the point of all the upheaval and when the net result is invariably a return to status quo ? 
all i can say is and this is why i am overly protective of my son who is on the autism spectrum and my baby girl .
silence is not consent . a lack of a no is not consent . only active affirmative consent is consent .
days fully funded : pendant next up the complementary charm free once we hit  1 k
because i shouldn t have to tell the same men day after day after day not to grope me
it was so traumatic for me that i blocked it out of my memory for about  years until i started experiencing flashbacks . (
was banned from mall  pursuing teenager girls !  via ring of fire network
when we suffered even realizing what we were suffering because we were  you n  understand
i love this movement . it was not your fault it is not your fault and it will never be your fault .
developing spectrum risk awareness  promote and ban the use of
wow . wow . wow .   views in just over a week . for everyone who resonates with my
 failure to identify spectrum risk and warn . for a couple of million it looks like ?
you just need to remember that you are strong you are strong you are strong .
gets me to  emotional shout out to those participating .
pennsylvania   kits holding forensic material from rapes are still waiting to be processed ! 
it  s no trouble until you know it  s your trouble and also your friends 
the campaign seems to grow & grow  -  - read more :  
it s happened subtly & overtly . it s happened when i was dressed up & down . it s happened at night & in the morning . it s happened .
it shocked me that it shocked them when i told them because didn t i invite it every time ?
overcoming is possible . happiness is possible . love is possible . trust is possible . it s impossible alone .
it happens in school . it happens in college . it happens if you re new at a job . it happens if you re a veteran . it happens .
i  ve been saying for 8 years . i  m tired of being re traumatized . i  m tired of screaming my story unto deaf ears .
to all the survivors who shared all the survivors who can t and all the survivors to come . and thank you
rt vat thi korn rt khaos od english : why few thai women are saying 
over half of sexual harassment claims result in no charge .
good that legislatures are talkin about more than talk ? chambers make their own rules rules changin anywhere ? 
it can also make you mad really mad and determined that you will never again be anyone s victim . 
for so long i was sorry that i wasn t stronger now i am sorry that i was sorry .
man with beard ; man with tattoo ; man with lake ; man with motorcycle ; man with bridge ; man with penis ; man with dog ; man with gun .
to all me who refuse to be perpetrators and wome who refuse to be victims
she said she was hurt . um she has no story . we who do are hurt but she doesn t care .
house has paid out over  to settle sexual harrasment just in the house
tolerating such an environment is supporting the environment . if it s not addressed it will signal acquiesce . too many victims !
if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck and looks like a duck but you think it  s a pig it  s a pig
last year i called into my mother s for the first time since may of  . i don 't know why . i just ended up there .
. i take it you would rather blame the victim than blame your donor 
and yes because i  have been made to feel like my body is not my own . like my body is someone else s . enough .
i didn t comply on being harassed . that then became me being difficult . if being difficult is standing up to that then i  ll own it ! 
instead of tweeting only .  and start tweeting we will support you .
it hurts . it hurts to read so many of these . it just aches in my soul . 
remove illegal immigrant trafficking boats daily we should remove lazy bastards maritime enforcement agency ceos in malaysia
after it s still his word over hers . unless there s an army of she . bring on the army !
thank you all for being strong to help me be strong among others .
i didn t want   to fuck the bitch . the molly made me fuck her even though she average . fuck on a basic bitch . ~
also groped at a crowded airport . wrong wrong wrong .
my anger over what happened to me will never be as much as my anger over his total impunity & others refusal to ensure consequences
sexual harassment : plans on  - the  - spot fines
just stood at a bus stop in and got accosted by a man while another man stood and watched in silence .
asking for a drink at a party was not your invitation to do anything to my drink
age  : diagnosed with ptsd as a result of sexual trauma .
a day without women is a dark day .
same issue different hashtag different reactions 
the root writer accuses john singleton and jesse jackson of sexual harassment
a woman invited me to her husbands party & squeezed my bum at the party . i should have reported it .
sexual assault complaints mount in israel : confronting buried demons 
a testimony of sexual harassment in the water sector via
know you are not alone ! age  and age  . 
please rt this law is in lawful should be cancelled marriage law a blow to say activists no to
fondling a lie . originally on scarlet leaf review . no should ever have to live a lie
i was in college .   a movie theater . the movie was he said she said . i will never forget it .
sens . warren mccaskill hirono heitkamp s sexual harassment 
for when i say  i  m married  at a college party and you say  i  ve f * a married chick . doesn  t stop me . 
we show up where we want to when we want to .   - women
and proud of mentor for jumping on to the hashtag and doing many interviews . proud of you . y
why is sexual harassment of librarians acceptable ? 
liz warren  s dueling recollections of sexual assault draw skepticism
reposting i don 't have a story to tell to tell and gain sympathy . because what s gone is gone ! and i am
not ready to talk but i am ready to stop being silent .  
not ready to talk but i am ready to stop being silent .
this clip from makes me sick . men must do better . we must be better .
don 't permit your experiences to own you . own your experiences . change the world . + =
 now what ?  tips to defeat sexual harassment : via
i wonder if that child is participating in the campaign today ?
wear it for a cause . wear it for a reason .
women from many countries recounted their harrowing stories .  
callisto : tech to combat sexual assault
 why have a list of victims when a list of perpetrators could be so much more useful ? 
dispute rises over alleged sexual assault at hans sem .  
sciam  - confronting sexual harassment in science 
hear escucha hear the quote of the day : a hashtag will not solve any of this . but it may .
let this flood of women  s stories never cease
rebecca solnit : let this flood of women s stories never cease  via
give credit where credit is due . 
new jersey you don 't even know how many rape kits with forensic evidence is waiting to be processed . 
we need to do better because this is not okay . it  s never okay ever .
childhood sexual assault
if you re a guy and you re participating at tfn consider if you ve done or said enough to stop harassment 
these ballerinas from cairo reclaimed the streets from sexual harassment .
it s a harrowing experience and one that sticks for a long long time
opinion | yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you .
one more time explaining the view of women in that  s in farsi 
xavier smith talks about sexual harassment and 
unborn in the womb during abortion are t only killed but also sexual assaulted
i made a birthday cake for one of the creatives . as i placed the cake on the table and said happy birthday the recipient dipped his finger into the cream and said what  s this  nipple milk ? there was raucous laughter all round . 
assault once . harassment numerous .
i  have been raped by the daily . what greater rape than to have your trampled daily by goons with guns
   my sexual assault at vidcon by a famous youtuber ( ) 
dilemma : sexual harassment and sexism in pharmacy
dilemma : sexual harassment and sexism in pharmacy  via
it  s not a  witch hunt .  it  s a rapist hunt .
o happy daze when cyber s quak s it fly no walk o happy daze cyber pumpkins in the wild d rogan s aligning hatch n warm mission i forget
whispers of women that led to campaign .  
.  and just like that the conversation ceases to be team nathan vs team lucas banter ! 
i voted for all women today because i could .
vermont you suck ! you don 't even know how many unprocessed rape kits with forensic evidence you have ! contact your reps !
there s another kind of that happens the kind that doesn t have the balls  happen there r repercussions  that
people besides the victims must be informed & act on spectrum risks . 
reese witherspoon alleges sexual assault by director when she was  
from to  this way of treating women ends now 
how many of us get put in an inescapable position during our lifetimes ? pinned against walls doors blocked etc . ?
from social campaign to social change ?
from social campaign to social change ? 
actor is concerned some women are using the campaign to gain fame . 
me too . let s support each other and empower women !
sexual assault is horrifyingly serious .
what if your body wasn  t your only super power ? what if your body didn  t have to be used like a drug
retweet if you believe consent once is not consent always .
justifies rape .  4  5 th president justifies rape . this man justifies rape . this . man . justifies . rape ! this . man . justifies .
i  m a thriver of sexual assault . most definitely
pelosi backs sexual harassment legislation for congress 
many times . and i wrote a story about one of those times : 
more companies are buying insurance to cover sexual assault 
retweeted annabelle may ( stop asking why didn t she ? .  and start asking why did he ?
psychologist : campaign is a good first step  - dr . nicole lightman says it can be a good first step for v .
pr news : rt sophie m aero witz : who s next ? pr news
stand for what you believe in . support and stand with
arizona you have   rape victims waiting for forensic evidence to be processed ! 
edh and kirsten hag lund discuss & sexual harassment via
edh and kirsten hag lund discuss & sexual harassment  via
it s time for men to own their complicity 
ioc member apologies for sexual harassment 
/ my hasn t and won t change the systemic repression and objectification of women .
i was banned from for reporting a sexual assault 
we need to extrem it ize penalties for sexual offences . it must be punishable by death .
the ms . q & a : gloria steinem on and believing women after weinstein 
. discusses on  there is a deafening silence that meets women when we say anything . 
> guilty ( trying ) to justify the guilty while demonstrating their guilt ? . !  
we can heal little by little but you re right  - it s always there .
your singles ministry ain t thriving because it s used as a hunting ground for vulnerable women
pays for treatment for abused women but advertises on who supports .
sometimes words . sometimes touching .
women at the washington capitol :
women & power : a manifesto by mary beard  review 
very popular : kathy gyn gell : this witch  - hunt will destroy women  s happiness .  via
unsolicited touching ? women doctors : speak up because  via
exposing sexual harasser since  1  9  7  0 s !
well women would but will gladly accept his funding being cut off .
breaking : why are filing so many frivolous sexual harassment lawsuits ?  - via
richardson   : how has forgotten black women |
if aren t sexual criminals why deny water + toilet  9 h & threaten waterboarding to nude photos ?
the silent era has ended . floods social media with
why is doing a series on women in the humanitarian sector unhcr 
men are digging their own graves . they will not know peace .
you have the support from millions of women who have been in your position .
honestly it surprises when women say they have no stories
and honestly i don 't know any women who haven t .
why do these dudes encourage the vain and often racist classist dislike of women like well me or or
.  sadly it would surprise me if there are any women out there who can say
from to all of us  to end sexual violence we must not rely on violent systems of incarceration . 
women  s leadership project focuses on
. with dr . we have to root out patriarchy  - a war on women s bodies
i was  . i was in the  6 th grade . he was a  year old  7 th grader .  but boys will be boys 
and from a father edward mills : an excerpt :  - a father  s perspective .  that we can understand that .
my column on why should be just the beginning for women .
it  s both a blessing & a curse to not be alone in this group . thank you to all the brave souls who stood up to be counted .
me too and the scale of sexual abuse : .
me too and the scale of sexual abuse
and are proof women cannot afford to be silent ever again .
thank you . thank you . thank you jason . now i admire and respect you even more .
gee i wonder who ordered the attacks on women at a shelter by foreign terrorist
women : why i chose for my sexism experiment
it is more dangerous for women to be quiet than to not .
that it is hard . it is just hard to do anything . so support and trust them .
no a law degree doesn  t insulate you from sexual harassment by
. isn t a gender exclusive issue . it s happening across all spectrums of gender .
equal rights for women 
sexual harassment ladies and gentlemen perfectly executed by our 
this is only part of my story but it s a major part . 
multiple women accuse comedian of
one man out s spacey but  women out masterson & survives ? 
instead of french women say out your pig  ) authority  - mis  ) conduct 
via instead of french women say out your pig
instead of french women say out your pig  via
- instead of french women say out your pig
instead of french women say out your pig
i now comprehend that my response was perceived as a threat meanwhile how many women are out there toning down their language . 
. prof janell hobson on and why some women choose not to participate  - in by
women were sacred speech omitted the epidemic during his service .
israeli lawmaker oren hazan accused of sexual harassment in knesset 
9 years old girl with  5  0 years old man in  7 th century 
praying we educate all women and children because this must stop !
on  keeping women in their place  and the groaning of the spirit  -  - kimberly ervin alex   via
league of women s voters candidate forum  show u questions
the witches are coming but not for your life . were coming for your legacy .  happy halloween . 
women of the world : forever !  
women everywhere feel the significance of the phenomenon . pandora  s box has been opened and cannot be manipulated . via 
sometimes fewer words are more powerful than many words .
poetry dedicated to campaign & every women that speaks up
now how can we improve policy to protect women ? 
excellence in covering s* issues such as to * it should be just as much s issues for that matter . 
from the trial court to the supreme court of india
 i deal with sexual harassment
lindy west killing it . yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you .
must recognize undocumented women and girls 
a . this is total bullshit . b . women also perpetuate misogyny and
while were discussing let s not forget the yazidi women and their travails  n
. thoughtfully captures the complexity of how women negotiate solidarity vs privacy with
i thought : it wasn  t * so bad . * i  m just being dramatic . i wasn  t raped after all . and i haven  t even thought about it in years .
shame on you . i love your dog more than you do . shame on you . shame on you . shame that you messed this up . fool me again try me .
video : roman polanski celebration in france an insult to all women . 
not just actresses . every woman i know .
stories from the viva glam team the personal stories from our own viva glam team .  via
yet another example of why women don 't report . 
the under  - representation of women in leadership is an urgent issue that must be addressed : via
a for clueless men  - the washington post 
the blot tell all alexis talks of her sexual stylings  - via
is repugnant  -  - she has enabled rapists & sexual predators for years . 
women in india are also saying ( via
women in india are also saying 
women in india are also saying
one scalp will not stop the sexual harassment rife in the industry . 
- it  s a huge number of women
women must be treated with respect cherished and honored .
lindy west on  the smothering delusional galactic entitlement of powerful men . 
but we ( women ) know how to walk on the edge of sword
america was built on a foundation of sexual assault says of
prompts for men to discuss harassment 
and by no means should anyone who has been assaulted speak if they aren t ready . i never am ready but then always ready
the parallel universe that women are forced to live in 
women are incredibly self  - destructive . should not be about comparing ourselves with one another .
saying no repeatedly but still insisting anyways until they cave is still harassment
so when business owners choose murals that degrade objectify and sexualize women . i don 't patronize them .
is the one of the main reasons that women are coming out now ?
a resident physician surveys fellow women in medicine a new article on 
to all the strong and fragile courageous and frightened women  -
even though many of the people who could benefit most from ( the deniers and the men too people ) will .
in the case of my he did assault other women and had been for years .
is probably not the right hashtag here right ?
women may not want to move on again and again and again
the movement personalizes sexual our details this approach w  6  0 s
women r uniting strength in numbers 
thank you for sharing as i now will be sharing and following 
what europeans means about sexual harassment ? 
you don 't need to know my story . just know
all people negotiate all sexua exchange you won t get what you deserve you will get what you negotiate
men are responding to the campaign
talking about sexual harrassment .
non  - existent women s rights here in the u . s . : watch 
and as i drunkenly creole d in front of when do women not abusers become centered
amazing women !  campaign 
share your story like follow and share 
i  m lucky enough that it was harassment and not assault but
maybe those people don 't remember because what they did was inconsequential to themselves . the people it happened to remember .
tell the believing men to lower their gaze and to be mindful of their chastity .   - quran
women in politics are also saying
confronting sexual harassment in and how scientists are taking action .
is this hashtag only for women ? cause well .
sexual harassment in the workplace via
breitbart writer claims women are using as status symbol 
it was a man who harrassed me . but it was also a man who stood up for me . here s to good men who are everywhere .
what happened in go a doesn t stay in go a by
some of the stories of me too movement are plain stupid .
i just published  why and are both really about men  
a very good column by  - a for clueless men 
correct . my stepfather is one of the people who assaulted me .
because in context of and the analogy women who are harassed are the ones being lynched
spend  dollars to buy a spy camera to record few sessions of harassment and that seals it all !
sadly there are probably very few women ever born to which does not apply .
every person has trauma .  the is all about trauma being internalized . why it is just a bud rising out of .
- sexual assault and autism . poignant article by of 
to all you beautiful bold women  - i hear you and value you .
snp launches two inquiries into sexual misconduct allegations 
we also talked about ate some organ me at in the tub and talked about privilege so it s been a wild ride
i won t share my story but i will share this  -  - jesus heals restores and saves
our won t face sexual harassment ; they ll redefine it .
this is appalling and exactly why women don 't come forward . 
commentary : the role of men in the movement via 
commentary : the role of men in the movement
i have been part of the problem but i pledge to be part of the solution
i have been part of the problem but i pledge to be part of the solution oklahoma
epistemic injustice is why we have trending  because women aren  t believed . 
i  m a survivor of sexual assault and the coinciding battles
really said this about in the military . absolving men never ceases to amaze me .
how to respond to sexual trauma 
uk : harassment in the british workplace
men are responding to with a hashtag of their own
men are responding to the hashtag with
men are responding to with their own hashtag  
men are joining the conversation 
men respond to with the phrase and
men are pigs not all but a lot .
i want more than this for my daughters . for all women .
church of england urged to tackle sexual abuse within it s ranks 
& should be openly dealt with : survivors can achieve much without worrying about assault .
because it affects more people than we would like to think
if you d like to share your story email
my feed is moving faster than my actual feed .
leaked report : can t properly investigate sexual harassment
 timeless and powerful . it is in the basis of a few carefully selected verses that many men justify vile acts .
the youngest instance was when i was  on a cruise to mexico . i had the nerve to dress up .  men propositioned me for  minutes .
have you heard  sexual assault & sports  by edge of sports on 
to  be  honest this is the policy of most men and orgs . 
was offline basically all weekend but : it  s still harassment even if the target isn  t there to hear it .
this is true for women in every industry 
aj plus : men are responding to with
sexual assault can happen to anyone . anywhere .
 amid this outpouring many men have asked  what can we do ? 
editorial : no legal shields on harassment for california legislature 
what decent men can do in response to 
what decent men can do in response to
what decent men can do in response to  via
what decent ( w o ) men can do in response to
: the year when we all realized that most men .  are gross
life is but don 't let people you . don 't be be content never stop improving yourself
 before it was hollywood it was albany and before it was albany it was madison avenue and washington d . c .
sexual assault can be a very lonely place ! 
it is not only women . it can be boys and men .
if you read one piece make it this powerful read by 
 proves it s more than just a hashtag . it s a movement .  by 
is not just about one woman because you know her or one woman because you care about her .
if i actually did this some men would complain that i was opportunistic and playing the victim for profit
mainstream outlets weren  t signal boosting the fact a black women originated
and i doubt i know one woman who couldn  t say the same .
re thinking pain scales for women in the context of 
the whole campaign underscores the imp of the injunction commanding men first to restrain their looks in the
i was sexually harassed at   cc
why instant  message not joining the chorus of
when you want   to join in on the but you still haven  t fully accepted or processed the trauma
harassment probe : translators did not translate written evidence that contained vulgarity accurately 
we managed to get out of that situation okay but it so easily could ve ended differently and it was terrifying .
new mexico you have   raise victims waiting for forensic evidence to be processed 
for black women this number splits to  in  . 
what about lewd acts ? opinion | a for clueless men 
magick  there  s nothing illegal there  s nothing even kind of like beyond boorish or politically incorrect . 
how the movement can empower victims : via
men have been improperly touched and harassed too .
sexual harassment happens in the don 't c are are too
men who don 't get all this stuff .  
an equally awful hijacking was from a handmaiden who made all about the sensuous erotic loving sex she s had with men . what !
since that lil betch trump blocked me i  m placing my faith in you to rt for me .  .  and  go
i once asked for support from a boyfriend who said i was damaged goods as a result of the atrocities inflicted & he broke up with me .
more appalling stories this time from  u . s . senators via
explain to people so they know .
faces two new allegations of sexual assault 
via courage after sexual harassment : what to do after
courage after sexual harassment : what to do after
shines light on sexual assault in don 't c are  - are a
shines light on sexual assault in don 't c are are a 
men have a role to play too 
men have a role to play 
a still active has a problem . and people are protecting these individuals . enough is enough 
if she can barely stand up & is throwing up from drinking too much she doesn t have the capacity to consent to any sexual activities
maureen o hara s sexual harassment in her words  
this is both inspiring and appalling that so many share this story . 
has landed in salem . more on the culture of harassment at the capitol on opb . 
-  for each time .  i need more than  characters
is here and i am crying . today the power of one becomes the power of many .
you can t miss the gravity of what women ( and others ) were declaring in those two little words .
running any stories on the campaign ?
i  ve never met a woman without a story .
as a man has made me reassess my past sexual encounters . 
a quick message for you today .
it  s not my fault your mouth waters . it  s not my fault they didn  t listen .
correspondent tells of harassment by colleagues ~ via
linda bloodworth  - thomas on : lessons from witnessing four decades of harassment in hollywood 
mfk in the workplace : how stereotypes divide & conquer women . thank you & peter glick 
by the way and it s made my life way more difficult than it should .
men are responding to with tweets about
in this user  agreement episode i humbly offer my thoughts and the mandate it provides for all men . on itunes at
too many stories for twitter s character limit .
i  m not one of the women enumerated in this article but this happened to courtesy of
the movement marches on : : my life after  -
i lr from  as evidence of how widespread harassment is
that most of the women i know had a this week ? no . no it isn  t .
one fifth of americans know someone who said 
one fifth of americans know someone who said
me too i prayer people love peace t huth
now is the time to demand more than talk ! 
the conspiracy of in action on sexual abuse and 
thank u for your decade of advocacy to end & originating campaign 
movement empowers women to fight .
and the people who i reported it to traumatized me more than the aggressive assault .
natascha kampus ch abducted at   years . there are still people who claim she was in on it . this is what were up against .
what is it about men & their as a survivor i say castration is the only answer ! 
yes ! no more victim culture ! get and get armed . > 
because consent is a function of power . you have to have a modicum of power to give it . 
consent is a function of power . you have to have a modicum of power to give it .
because consent is a function of power . you have to have a modicum of power to give it . by
watch on how media under represents & portrays women
on behalf of our own experiences of those we know and of those we do not :
this is the time for the victims to rise up  - 
dear fellow men here s what we can do to stop
let s hope this will be the last time we have to say & relive our own nightmares . 
if this were how bad would this be ? because only focus is m2f harassment it ignores all other types of and condones
reminds me when stated on i did not have sex with that woman
this was response to and the stories from women . 
thank you for creating campaign .
maybe it could have been worse . but it still happened that  s what happened to but it doesn  t make it okay .
so many times i can  t rembr all of them . but  ended satisfying slap across the face & a howl of anger that scared poop outta him .
here s to gentle men . may we know them . may we be them . may we raise them .
i suspect most aren t even counting among their stories the many random erections that have rubbed against them on the dance floor . 
filed police report alleging report 
i have never had to experience sexual harassment and will do all i can to ensure no one has to ever again !
the women who fear saying via
the women who fear saying by 
ajenglish : the women who fear saying 
ajenglish : the women who fear saying
the women who fear saying
stories shared by ham t pon roads women 
women everywhere shared their stories with
when men say they re feminist yet sexualize every female  - identifying individual in their acquaintance . but they re not like them .
shout out to those who could heal . shout out to those who haven  t . shout out to those who  ve been threatened to be silent .
for only : men close your eyes : a routine shake up  - via
fight or flight ? many flights and one fight on the the guy ended up in handcuffs in the back of a squad car .
it isn  t just hollywood . it  s everywhere . most women have experienced it . 
i was six years old . they told me to get over it . then i was  . they told me to get over it .
daffodil & the mud puddle . on reframing perspective being shaken by & confused by people 
is one the most inspiring people alive and now i am even more in awe of my 
ministering to women in a world . heard  through :
i  have been appalled by all the male stories that are not in prison populations also . it s been enlightening .
 it  s hard for a fish to know it  s in water .  swimming in the ocean of
i was  and a  year old neighbor assaulted me .
lawmakers share stories : 
new web log : the men of
that was so inappropriate towards witney . and men wonder what is about
i come from a family with six women and four of them have been raped . 
those of you who have followed me for some time know already know that is a 
an important discussion . an important piece by 
i know many . many of them judge trump for the same behaviors they exhibit .
. so according to fe mins it men r trash including your father ? isil ye zyada tar aurat ain doz kah me ja engi apni zub an ki waja se . 
sounds new but has been with us a long time
many strong and supportive women today .
lauren sivan stills at women  s march in hollywood
women occupy hollywood  s ivana m asset t i at the march mujeres unidas jamas seran ve nc id as !
i just uploaded  women organize march in hollywood  to
.  these people are just as emotionally .  in pain .
distance yourself from people who :  . lie to you  . disrespect you  . use you  . put you down
love this image so much ! ( repost womb tang clan 4 ever women s march image by tha aks . i )
what about ? this isn t just an issue for girls and women .
anyway that  s the story i  ll share for this but hasn  t been the only or scariest one for me .
do not replicate the very coercion pressure & entitlement you seek to dismantle by demanding stories in the wake of
wish there were more men like who d be inspired to 
why are some men so angry ? | jessica valenti | opinion | the guardian 
i was  . first time . not the last . angeles california
in general how does the campaign make you feel ?
much love and respect to all women
is another forum of people who have been targeted by those who trusted them much like the victims
this is the response from men that might actually make a difference .
i always love me some solutions ! thank   you
next millions will share how they have been victims of racism
isn t it time  your russian lessons ? trump s r still attacking women ?  
i wrote this about everyday harassment in  : 
goodnight men s rights twitter trolls . always a pleasure .
now we know bravo wwhl andy cohen secret to his guests spilling it all drugs & alcohol
what the response says about women and power :
do you think the movement is a positive or negative
how pervy does this sound given what we now know about 
instant  message late to the game but
sexual harassment is never okay . amen .
r i lawmaker shares revelation of harassment legislators respond w / & on 
yes this is a witch hunt . and we are hunting you . your time is up . 
it is pathetic . but i like to think it s lots of people mucking about . like all these clowns
u r b select : afropunk  - black girls and the sexual 
men respond to with this hashtag ; 
continual heartbreak .  this not only breaks my heart but really really pisses me off 
opens up stories but also requires action say
ways men can respond productively to  via
also .  i was assaulted by women . that also happens .
read the acknowledgement s of my first book . think about department where i did my phd . think of kate winslett at oscars in  .
kashmiri leaders people accuse modi  govt agents  of  mysterious  braid  - chopping 
turning a culture of into a culture of civility respect and kindness  by via
who is we ? is not always saying names . just saying i have experienced this too .
the sham of weinstein  s rehab ; an insult to victims legitimate psychiatry and to taking agency .
& preventing sexual harassment at school |  via |
democrat senators share stories 
( and literally every other woman i know )
it is courage of women .  power of . together
every  seconds an american is sexually assaulted .
culture shock : movement has become a unifying and defiant en masse declaration .
something sorely missing from the movement : 
what is it about men and politics and sex ? 
most victims don 't lie . believe them . 
every progressive should follow this . especially the men . 
first time post . is this how it works ? via
students in us say assault not unusual on campus
students in us say assault not unusual on campus 
perfect timing for movement with jupiter in scorpio
another woman steps forward .
me too : another woman steps forward . | elephant journal 
one man s perspective on  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - reflect on your first reactions to the me too campaign .
it wasn t until it happened again at  that i realized what happened to me when i was  wasn t okay .
what decent people can do in response to 
ugh . another one . this time a president . 
illegal i m me grants are raping european woman
sexually harassed . lots .
honored to be quoted in this valuable chicago tribune article on the movement : .
men reading you should interrogate your actions like this . 
where s the story about her fake claim ?
all men should be asking who has a story about me ?  -  -
have you ever been sexually harrassed at work ?
let s talk about the bbc and it s use of visuals surrounding the movement
yes . which story do they want ? i have quite a few . instead 
teal and purple roses supports the movement . however we understand that there may be 
this is for all of you : all of you who have joined the movement and said to experiences 
i love dear men : it  s you too
movement sparks both sadness and hope
1 hand on steering wheel  1 hand holding an apple eating & drive  - die fast gud4 malaysia economy  - road killer malaysian motorist w6638m
is just another reason why i hate men . with a passion .
deeply disturbed by anthony rapps story . he was just a kid .
it s not about what they did or what happened . it s about recognizing it was fucking wrong and it shouldn  t have happened at all .
for the longest time i never felt clean enough .
i needed to say something . it may not be everything but it  s something .
hopefully it will change now it  s about time
how relevant is it to you and when  s the last time you understood who is around you including yourself
dear men enough of the what are you going to do ?
rt from why the campaign has been so impactful 
thank you joe biden silence is complicity 
a movement ? hashtags that .  become movements are organizing on the ground says   /
people think it s just another travel anecdote . it s never been funny to me . 
it happened to victims of band together & declare & demand !
here are  previous stories . the last  ran today :  )   )   )  
men respond to with promises to do better
my assaulter likes my status about he doesn t even know .
who inspires you ? is looking for your favorite stories : 
my column again : utah doesn t escape the campaign because it is everywhere . 
in today  s episode of screaming into the void about and not owing anyone my story
defined . u to intimidate & remotely assault / this . my response to u & the  1 s w jacket the cover now !
what shocks me now s how at the time ( s ) it happened i buried it shrug it off or didn  t recognize it for what it was .
it s time for the equal rights amendment in the illinois legislature  via
it s time for the equal rights amendment in the illinois legislature .
you never know what is hidden behind a smile
what if instead of a hastag we have women post not me instead ? the silence would be louder than any boycott .
how many have already passed away that we didn  t know about ? this is not just for us .
agreed ! the hashtag has been validating for so many of us who have been out here alone
! right ? but it will b the irs  get him just like al capone . djt 
reese witherspoon says a director sexually assaulted her when she was
in response to men are tweeting  - huffpost 
in response to men are tweeting 
in response to men are tweeting  via
men are tweeting in response to  -
in response to men are tweeting
. in response to men are tweeting 
i have been victim of sexual harrasment and assault
new becomes a broader movement and continues to swirl on read + subscribe 
without the report ori al of there might not have been a movement or for 
the hashtag is a devastatingly sobering read . jesus .
texas you have over   kits of forensic evidence in rape cases waiting to be tested ! 
excellent column by on the movement .
another story . & how do you consent to anything when you re under duress & being subjugated threats ?
 i don 't owe my story ( ies ) to anyone and neither do you . but for the record
i want to know what knows about ? 
tony goldwyn reveals he was sexually harassed
men in power i was punished skipped over for promotion underpaid and eventually laid  - off . is all of us ! now not be quiet !
no woman should have to decide between her safety and her paycheck .
lisen the story of allah only he has power to changes
gives people a voice but now what ?
many mythological stories having apprehended events .
as seen from the campaign this argument can be rendered false . 
in hollywood and on twitter women say via 
too young to know that s not what tennis instructor was supposed to do .
i  ve been sexually harassed by a fellow soldier in every unit i  ve ever been in .
believe the cosby survivors . 
believe the cosby survivors now 
. on the campaign and why some survivors couldn t participate
the waitress who works in the diner needs to know that is about her too . 
from who founded the waitress who works in the diner needs to know is about her too
the waitress who works in the diner needs to know that is about her too .
the weight of silence can be crippling and overwhelming all at the same time .
beauty in the sexually abused paying homage to every 
ralph nader : is becoming a political reform movement for   - r
is becoming a political reform movement for   - r
one hundred and forty ( at least ) of our girls our precious future . this is terrorism on girls 
being assaulted makes others want to kill
social isolation withdrawal . decreased ability for normal interpersonal relationships . 
do you ever think you ll get that apology that you re owed ?
campaign forces companies to look at their policies
new on campaign forces companies to look at their policies
campaign moves to streets 
the cia  s student  - activism phase via  handbook . the movement . hijacked .
elizabeth warren has a story too :
nightside  is elizabeth warren  s story credible ?
after harvey weinstein women everywhere say  via
thank you for helping us with the movement !
check out crimson hexagons data around the movement . 
- good men should not be quiet spectators : 
good men should not be quiet spectators  by
africa :  - good men should not be quiet spectators
a conservative woman s thoughts
my feelings on the campaign can also be summed up in a hashtag :
. says in a powerful monologue about sexual harassment :
you ve been quoted in my story glimpses of an online movement 
katherine blakeman  - why is fifty shades freed glamorizing sexual violence in a culture ? 
why is fifty shades freed glamorizing sexual violence in a culture ? 
why is fifty shades freed glamorizing sexual violence in a culture ?  - katherine blakeman  - 
i wish it was not necessary ! there are too many and stories out there !
it s not just ladies . there a lot of men out there as well . 
you could move mountains oprah by highlighting the enormity of the campaign x
you were sexually harassed . now you can use the tag
have you checked out recently ? stories on black comics & more
the more women talk about this the better . 
i saw two and personally know three more . 
said asshole couldn t get into the same undergrad school i did ( cont . )
while we are on the campaign let s add and transparency in workplaces around salaries
why campaign remains silent in some countries ?
you got to tell them soylent green is people ! it s people !
cnn s alisyn camerota tells her own story
to all the women and men saying :
opinion : what men can do in response to 
now star alleges sexually harassed her
star alleges sexually harassed her
+ every other woman who currently exists previously existed or will exist in the future .
a dresser up against the door . & no one did anything to aid her . thank you .
patients are saying via we must have zero tolerance for abuse 
how many men have been hashtagging if that were happening you d have a point .
gauntlet thrown in with today s prelude to in historical context . frightened rabbit acts of man . 
all women and girls . all the time . 
i know  women who have been raped .
time magazine spotlights female legislators partnering for  - philanthropy women
fairley says she s not been accused of sex harassment but i can say
and to have done it during the height of the campaign ? ugh !
goosebumps ! what a powerful message you sent brava . 
really really bad timing .
how to deal with harassment at work .
must protect and respect it s workers  -  - not harass and fire them ! 
is not responsible for what another man does . back off 
the tidal wave has certainly enabled this woman in alabam s to come forward
it s time  recognize this is  transform culture of permissive ness . 
do you know why there s a campaign ? this is why . disgusting . 
local organization applauds campaign
/ if you re a man and you nudged your brother after checking out a woman say why don 't you ?
salute founder and her growing movement . together we will advance for all !  
i will tell my story soon . for now i will just say
be educated know your rights and speak up for yourself and others .  -
because one social media platform isn t enough  -
artist uses her hair for message  via
artist uses her hair for message  -
artist uses her hair for message 
i walked by a hair salon and all the woman whistled at me .
a woman of color is the founder of the 
now : the movement is catching on in the sports world .
how to cope if you re feeling triggered by the movement
instant  message fighting so she never has to say
a ( male ) employee at in once told me to bend over .
for the men that wonder what they can do to help 
why employers ignore abuse complaints
personally i think instead of it would be more informative to have  - or maybe there is no one to use that hashtag .
the campaign becomes a global primal scream :  _ #
artist joins the movement with her hairstyle  via
retweet if you are a man who stands with us that enough is enough .
ironic since the west  is also notorious at sexism & abuse ! 
what para shat chaye sarah has to teach us about the campaign : 
a story on the red line 
we have the option  and the right  to decide how and when we speak up .
i choose not to share my story .
most welcome and know you are not alone .
however please don 't judge those who don 't want to
i was suspended from for my post . here s what happened . 
we need to change some laws . 
mother earth also known as mother nature also known as gaia says
he  s prepared for those too .   i denial  of  normal  t recall 
sharing my story soon ! 
new  - in provo as in hollywood too many women have the right to say 
to all the hypocrites out there participating in the movement while actively supporting abusers : we see you and see through you .
column : and do you really get over it ?
i cannot recount the innumerable instances in which i  ve been harassed . i  ve written 
movement hits the streets in  via
even now i don 't care about him it just was too odd the timing of it . tons of victims ?
grace jones says she was sexually harassed during casting for film 
the latest journalism today !   - features
what about all the women who post me too that are not in hollywood .
to exact revenge for yourself or your friends is not only a right it s an absolute duty .  - stieg larsson
my maan ager showed me her long nip pels an blew me against my wil
personal stories of assault
from patients fellow residents attending s and even at the gym . it s time for a change .
we speak for all who can t .  what   ever got you hugs and  kisses 
hm there are many victims of fake news .
the hashtag saddens but does not shock me . let s do better .
please retweet : in addition to a pledge in support 
consequences of social movement 
newt gingrich besides being an ethically challenged idiot is a promoter of violence against women
stop enabling violence against women .
a warning that this piece may be propaganda if you ever see it circulating somewhere . 
we can  t imagine what it is like to escape from the shadows of abuse but you are always 
by a treatment roommate & by a who used rohypnol to assault me she said i didn t deserve to remember being w / her .
time to address the masked elephant in the room ?
et thank   you ? did thomas and sally romanticize a maste relationship ?  via
shit . the act of participating in me too has driven me into a panic attack because i don 't talk about it publically .
if he s fucked he should post right ?
al michaels is part of the problem
our founder shares her story in 
on now : sexual violence and the axis of power
this was so moving thank you for sharing . 
for men asking how can i help ? to by
this . thank you i send you as i do to all survivors . 
don 't ever claim to own a woman s body . never !
some idiot actually shouted this to me . i love rock and roll . i will drive it up your hole . many times .
and pretty much every woman i know .
me too . like pretty much every woman i know .
sharing again because this seems more relevant today :  .  i  m hopeful that & are eroding
this bullshit never seems to end . move over your time is over .
have they not heard of people  s reputations & y do they engage with those men ? 
kicking off my launch tour on tomorrow with  et thank u !
now more than ever we need men to step up .
rabbi diana fers ko reflects on the movement and urges us to implement an aggressive anti  - sexism strategy .
men stand with women as partners to
where are the voices of men who  ve perpetrated abuse ? 
interesting against the the woman taking on russia s trolling machine | wired 
i  have talked about it before  but it s time to say it again . 
we also didn t have the technology to make the movement like this possible back then .
victims weren & only adults : my apology to  year old me 
been rubbed on by man at copy machine who said the space was too tight .
results in campaign for those struggling with ptsd : there & a 
results in campaign for those struggling with ptsd  -  - via
yes ! i like the stand against we are learning 
victory for victims !  just announced that terminated mark halperin contract .
yet another heartbreaking story of and this time from diana nyad . 
pink level warning : beta man alert . 
another story that deserves to be heard . 
over executive said the company would spend  a million dollars  to shut me up  - time 
i have a and yes  let s stop this soul  - eating cancer . i  have been on the brink of suicide since i was raped by a man .  
: graduate with phd . dissertation title : towards a womanist ho mile tical theology for subverting rape culture .
sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say via 
sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say collier meyers on to effectively .  via
sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say 
sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say via
sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say
sinister . harvey weinstein  s army of spies 
harvey weinstein  s army of spies by 
harvey weinstein  s army of spies  by
this has been a hard stretch . here is rainn  s  hour hotline if you need it .
( i was assaulted in russia .  by americans / is wrong on so many levels .
let s hear it ( and most importantly see it ) dudes . 
 it is so horrible . powerful people are attacking . ; -(
is making space for your stories :  submit by fri
i want to be lindy west when i grow up . 
more on the campaign that recently trended on twitter here : 
it s about time women come forward . enough is enough !
rejects homosexuality : i want to be holy like jesus
 an incomplete list of all the men in the media who have wronged me  by
in all honesty probably every woman i know has a 
my post got me suspended from 
actress speak about movement on 
thank you for posting this   -  6 years keds capris & t  - shirt
because it happened  years ago and i still have nightmares
yes of course they would . they are eternal victims . how dare anyone outshine them on victimhood .
we didn t have the technology to make the movement possible  years ago .
speak by laurie halse anderson is still painfully relevant in the age of
speak by is still painfully relevant in the age of 
lo nuevo .  luz en thank you for keeping it real !
campaign not slowing down anytime soon but now what ? read on :
because sadly it s  and every woman still has stories 
amen alicia ! we need comprehensive solutions . the devil is in the details . 
a moment can create a movement . this is our moment . this is our movement .  -
a moment can create a movement . this is our moment . this is our movement . 
it seems we need to add to the campaign to say !
thank you for being brave and our leader !
people who gave themselves willingly are also tweeting
listen to this woman why woman don 't come forward 
my hero i stand with you and will always support you . 
do we thank him for his pussy grabbing too ?
americorps punished her for seeking help after sexual assault via
i think i would rethink accepting money from boies schiller flex n e r llp and return the funds
thank you for your truth . it is salve to my soul .
day one stands with all survivors !
avoidance  - distort the problem and obscure the remedy ? sound familiar ?
for victims comfort rap song 
in the yoga community   share their stories .
it s not what she chooses to wear it s others perceptions of her that need to change . if not careful she ll end up a
thank you for holding him accountable . enough is enough . 
. interviewed the first woman behind writes here : 
how a hashtag became a global movement 
me too . silence stays with me on several instances . breaking that silence now .
the latest the pr & media buzz ! 
even though i shouldn  t have to relive my trauma just to convince men that there  s a problem
this poem is dedicated to all the people who have come forward on surviving sexual 
questions muslims should ask about the campaign 
yes . first sexual assault in my life i was  .
these musicians are bringing awareness to and the movement 
- but will hold my stories back ! 
millions of women forgotten while we talk about  million settlements . let s talk about the millions of women millions of dollars . 
why women are using on social media 
& her are faux  - feminists  -  - they care only about themselves  -  - not victims . 
still waiting to read s stories about
will you add yourself to the movement against daddy ? 
they aren t here to say  -  - which makes me appreciate even more that you speak out on their behalf
retweet if you ve received a rape threat
i was  or  . he told me he would kill my family if i told anyone .
on how you can be part of the solution rather than the problem 
movement on capitol hill
to the time i thought i owed it to him . you never owe anyone anything .
really wishes got that at  or  1  0 p still applies . to decarlo & sam rubin too .
alanis morissette  - thank u ( official video )
there are so many that it s becoming hard to believe .
we need a campaign for congress .
are you a how to navigate sexual harassment at work via 
gretchen carlson : how we can end sexual harassment at work
i  m confused . what  s the appropriate hashtag here : or 
it took me a while to type but there is a weight lifted because i know we are in this together
we all have a part in this . we need to encourage proper relations stop scoffing at  1 stop  that crushes .  
there will be people who say in  years .  years . some will never be ready to say it out loud .
canadian chanteuse chantal kreviazuk on raising respectful boys ( as some already know
where  s vi bhuti  a short film campaign  - via
next step on  severe abuse ! we will not buy your 
yes ! you can be in a type and not know it ! watch what you 
rapists : they do not believe they are the problem : 
this is a perfect tweet . thank you .
why is taking over your social media feeds  via
why is taking over your social media feeds .
why is taking over your social media feeds
here s why is taking over your social media feeds :
why is taking over your social media feeds via
hrc pattern  - of  - behaviour : victims : bernie voters : trump voters :
kristen and liz thank you for the latest episode of spawned . 
denial  of  normal  t stop even if the beat drops
my current reading of the movement : 
the rest is history : campaign becomes an exhibition in 
honestly i know so many guys like this ( & much more offensive ) 
breaking : blu to apologizes for years of sexually harassing olive oil .
i both of these people ! so strong ! speaks out .
the campaign has made it all the way to iran which is significant for several reasons .
if we put our heads together we can build a world where nobody has to say
that s how this hashtag works right ?
don 't think for a second that just because he s in shock he s never done it to anyone else .
we urge all administration s around the world to enhance severe punishment for sex offenders
my first job interview ; suny binghamton . faculty member . i eventually left academe as a result .
i think all the women we can say and this has to change .
it s not always a stranger most of the time it s someone closer .
members of vancouver nightlife scene named in movement via 
survivors testify to the impossibility of preempting sexual assault  via
survivors testify to the impossibility of preempting sexual assault
survivors testify to the impossibility of preempting sexual assault 
it s no coincidence this administration is gutting protections for sexual assault survivors . 
daily by overly flirtatious men in the workplace
why bother practicing chest compressions when you  reply a woman ? new about misogyny in medicine . 
potus  : rape pre  - existing condition . where will info go ? 
it  s not a feminist movement it  s reality .
y must we imagine calling people out  y can t we just do ?
jennifer lawrence told a story from early in her career 
as a man anything i d say about sounds like the excuse it is by 
and told that i should just be flattered men find [ me ] attractive . 
can t stand for men be having badly
to be a woman in this world is to hold every ever said .  - aja monet
awesome ! hashtag has spread to  _ #
jumped out of a moving truck to avoid being assaulted again .
another sexist whose victims are all silenced by the grave .
finally a i can get on board with .
just listen to the song by you too invisible thank you
it  s always the clothes that get the most attention . 
how does a generation who can sing these lyrics by heart need a meme like  via
hello victims my rap may be a comfort to u  - download apple music 
says & shares stories of team doctors treatments . by &
house of cards is falling down . support never conflate sexuality with assault . 
the  1 stop  that time i was held hostage in my bedroom for  days .
we can t get  hours of sincere discourse without it turning into search  engine  optimization .
we all love and support you mckayla
my cousin tried to rape me i was on
reading all the stories made me cry uncontrollably ! 
sexual abuse as right of passage ?
every woman has at least one story most have several . enough is enough .
when i was  by my grandpa . told my grandma . she didn t do anything . continued till he died when i was  .
we deeply empathize with all of you on  - our prayers are with you today !
not just but literally every woman in my life .
ever been sat on ? by a male ? or someone dominating over you ? <
because do you really want to be that bitch ?
the latest cf_pins network news ! 
the latest news storm ! 
it happens to boys and men also
i  m a conservative who was roofied by a stranger . here  s what i think of
what i learned backing female founders : every one has a story via
 what i learned backing female founders : every one has a story  by 
what i learned backing female founders : every one has a story :  by
what i learned backing female founders : every one has a story  via
what i learned backing female founders : every one has a story  - 
win !  get and stay armed > 
from rabbi w o l p e on weinstein / sexual assault /
all of us have been sexually abused by men !  all of us !  
 sexual assault & autism . a poignant and imporant read from of 
you are a very dirty disgusting man !
movement has just begun  - spread word w / all proceeds to fund .
there are so many more of us than you would think . it s painful to speak up .
how about letting those using the hashtag  characters for a while ?
when tackling the movement don 't ignore micro  - insults in the workplace . prof via
6 th accuser to come forward reply 
social media bright spots amy jo martin me too me too paradigm shift
is the woman you will never meet or see .
a brief history of just in time for halloween i dug this piece by
i guess she missed the movement ?
both incredibly heartened and disheartened to see all over my feeds : 
and i am just now starting to share my story .  years and years later .
we can t change our experiences ; we can change how these experiences shape our actions .
thank you all . it s not me first hand . but you represented and i appreciate that .
support pfp and as we work to address 
if you found surprising you haven t been listening . you don 't get a cookie for noticing now . you re late . catch up .
as says i am lucky i have only been harassed not assaulted . 
highlights rape cultures prevalence :
oke  : tired of hashtag activism ? |
i can t believe anyone has  ask if i ll vote !
spacey & ck  s victims would disagree with you cranston .
then good . it s a brutal bandwagon to be on  - alone
i was sexually assualt ed today .
because to this day i haven t told a soul
a male colleague told me i was hired for my shakal not my akal
ayup . i can t say but to those who can : i believe you . it s a problem of epidemic proportions . 
contrast this to statements from every other man caught up in a situation 
going through these tags are harder than i thought they would be .
some reminders for men reply :  - a thread .
jesus doesn t want me to write about because he isn t finished with them yet .
prayers for anyone who is suffering today .
visited an elderly man at the hospital . while i prayed he fondled himself under the sheet . never visited him alone again !
not just a problem in the u . s . this is truly sickening ! 
every women has a story to tell !
the latest the reporter 007 daily ! 
thank you for bringing this to light . 
sexually . he raped me anally once because i had my period & i don 't do period sex .
movement is decades in the making
i was also victim of when i was  years old . i was in kindergarten it s not the clothes
my degree has been used up on by societies plot to rise against humanity is universal 
i didn t think it was possible until it happened to me . 
the founder also said  in this instance the celebrities who popularized the hashtag .
thank you for your leadership and voice . 
the latest the journal of corporate culture ! 
and i don 't know a single woman that could not say that too . not one .
i d like to take an a quick to rant about my own personal
we do not tolerate harassment  our culture is built on ethical conduct and respect for each other . 
& other similar efforts need to be inclusive of non binary folks .
includes reporters and espn hires barstool sports after a revolting diatribe against sam ponder
i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to
i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to 
- i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to
and this will be the time to say & walk off he doesn t deserve explanation
predators want prey and they are still hunting . 
i didn t know i needed a hashtag this much .
tortured & sexually humiliated by police & prosecutor my story here
from someone i trusted someone i would  ve taken a bullet for because he wore the same uniform 
so well get the answer to why you paid the  mill ? 
for all of it s faults social media has it s moments .
indian women say why they support  -  - from suchitra krishna moor thi to kiran man ral 
welcome new associate misty griffin and thank you for following & 
welcome new associate misty griffin and thank you for following &
i  have been in psychotherapy >  years of my life . insomnia anxiety & depression . couldn t finish college . under  - & unemployed
great information about and the campaign . 
. it s good that men are posting
the latest the journalism daily ! 
almost every one of my female friends have endured it too .
where are details ? civics   - citizens have the right to know .
. replace with etc . women need to support them !
posts prompt support and donations for equality groups :
pr times daily is out ! 
 i was suspended from facebook for my post  
i was suspended from facebook for my post
i was suspended from facebook for my post  deborah copa ken  medium 
i was suspended from facebook for my post  deborah copa ken  medium
 i was suspended from facebook for my post  
 i was suspended from facebook for my post  by 
this was reprinted in your tango : i was suspended from facebook for my post  via
i was suspended from facebook for my post  - from .
and really if you re a woman who hasn t ? we are stronger than they are .
column : reminds us that for every there is an i have . read : 
some people common sense but the is doomed
a crime against humanity !
to the co  - worker who asked me to crawl under his desk and blow him you are the problem
sexual assault in healthcare today
joining now to talk news &
per our conversation this weekend brutal & unforgivable we support you 
* my first memory of it happened when i was  years old . i  
you need to add the hashtag
this is pandemic . thank   you for sharing brother . 
does the feminist movement deem this to be a moment for genuinely curious . 
beyond and | psychology today 
did you notice no media on in & or did i miss the double whammy they are experiencing ?
evidently i am not the only one who senses the inadequacies of ( see my post from yesterday ) . the author .
the movement comes for dan schoen as do calls for his resignation 
my post on the recent campaign :
campaign takes to the streets 
i was among the early supporters of but this is starting to get ugly
what is the movement ? new web log by 
seriously is there a woman out there that isn t writing ?
the latest the boston are a daily ! 
meet | psychology today 
there  s a growing realization that this isn  t a  female problem . 
so were now essentially doing revenge attacks . through the media . with this s* * * . 
sexual harassment isn t always rape .
why the movement is a call to arms for men everywhere 
why the movement is a call to arms for men everywhere  - 
part  of bianca williams reflections on and it s implications for field work and the academy 
please join us for on  am est
should have a link with the french same purpose . what do you think about this ? 
unless you  ve been hiding under a rock your whole life yes to
wondered same . definitely think but nowhere near as horrific 
now is the time !  we have to speak for ourselves .  because we are the only ones who can .
and alyssa i think you are a hero .
it takes a village for people to when they say here s s crew . thank you . 
 part  of my support of all those who have lived in the grey are a
thank you . i can t articulate why but your anger means so much
doesn  t just apply to hollywood it applies to washington too 
sen . liz warren  s  me too  flip  - flopped old tale
julianna margulies : i  screamed  my way out of steven seagal hotel encounter 
why the movement can hit a nerve for some  - nbc news 
bravo gretchen for standing up against this ! ps  - anoka tornados
start lining them up against the wall
why some conservatives struggle with and the way forward
. lays our why some conservatives struggle with he way forward .
if only men could fathom what the hashtag unleashes in women s souls .
may primarily be women but you can be assured there are men out there who could hashtag that too .
i appreciate your willingness to speak out about your experiences .
we can and should do better for the people in our lives . no more bystanders .
every . single . woman . has . a . story . like . this . 
not to mention why the hell did you speak at his memorial ? this is all confusing
here  s to never letting the world beat us down .
the hashtag is both heartbreaking & inspiring .
. on i think it  s incredibly significant and me too by the way .
credit where due thank you for your advocacy and dedication 
well said . grateful that led to is the exponential that the confed era c would rather not speak of .
n & o  why has devoted more coverage to weinstein less to o reilly ?
last chance tomorrow to see me too  . you won t regret it !
the hashtag me too vs and continues to heat up 
kathleen parker : has signs of staying power
because i can t even bring myself to write out any of the stories i have and there are many .
only a sex offender would defend a fellow sex offender
we are already great . let s be better . as individuals as families as communities as a nation .
reveals she was assaulted by a director at  via
i talked to about the amplifying power of the hashtag 
come on world :  step plan
empowers women to speak out on harassment 
demonstration against sexual harassment in wealthy sweden  -
read the latest mark edwards beacon ! 
in the us there s the hashtag . in france there s or squeal on your pig .
the latest tech life ! 
this i can relate to and it s such a twisted way of thinking about it but there you have it 
this happened on the world stage during the 
i am in deep awe of you terry . thank you for your courage . 
almost every woman i know has posted
i wish and would be able to s her their stories when it was fresh and could make less
i  have had enough of me too hashtag feminism and it s intellectual laziness writes z str impel 
& are today s hot trendy hashtags !
the problem is bigger than many can even understand .
mt / liz warren  s  me too  flip  - flopped old tale | boston herald 
a sexually charged capital with nowhere to turn for help
click the link and read to the end . 
is their world safer when wrapped in bubble wrap or is that suffocation and suffering
a must read for every parent and coach . 
the people of are currently trending their own hashtag :
it  s encouraging to see lawmakers taking action ! 
not to be adversarial to raise awareness that people are not objects .
it only ended work  - wise when i went to work in a predominantly female office in my mid  - thirties .
the world is full of bright tenacious you may not know who they are but i do . you too ? tm
because it needs to be said . but also because i am a men and we all share this
the heartbreak of and overwhelms me today . thankful for moments of grace .
weinstein company subpoenaed by ny attorney via
fortunately i can say i  have never been the victi of rape but like most women i know i  have been .
think about how many you ve seen on your timeline .
prestige title daily news is out ! 
see what and had to say about on capitol hill in  -
u . s . senators share their sex  via
welcome to rachel . yes thank you for reminding us about the scandal .
guess i will have to get even with all !  ( link : )
read and learn click
the problem with the meme is that it sounds childish and does demonstrate an eager crowding on victimization instead of justice .
 and it  s tragic how long i hesitated to press  post . 
in the humanitarian world : humanitarian world is not populated by saints two aid workers write  (
taking years to realise that sexual assault is not limited to just rape
we should be the ones stepping from the shadows right now . stories . 
the latest the studio dog daily ! 
i d love to have you share resources here ! 
power of why is taking over your feeds ( thanks to
moving on after classy cyber bully rips my me too post
moving on after classy cyber bully rips my me too post by christine wolf 
if sylvia were here i think she  d be saying this from her exhibition at the national portrait gallery :
i was in a similar spot . all love
new post ( iraq catalonia your tuesday briefing ) has been published on bronx voice  -
perfectly said . by a man and sadly a woman 
i  have been re calling it so much as we all hear about the stories . and it infuriates me because it did diminish me .
on our web log : alum  - informed reflection on the campaign . 
it wasn t just locker room talk .
more times than can be written with either character limit .
that s why i can t support bernie sanders and please don 't anyone deny me my feelings .
if the moment is leaving you with a wide range of reactions you aren t alone .  via
of being a star and grabbing all the pu $ $ y i want !
this is what bravery looks like . thank you 
reese witherspoon says director assaulted her at the age of  
on the other hand we shouldn t have to say you should already know . where the fuck have you been ?
a culture of complicity . that  s typical in my experience . 
i only worked in hollywood for  years but it turns out even i have a story .
follow the woman who created 
and should get their own chance for bragging rights !  
heartbreaking stories .  truth .
what i learned from stop the instant harsh critiquing [ opinion ]
this . exactly this . the problem with the campaign
many thanks to for this powerful art
thank you ed . this is our reality . 
when i was in sixth grade . it happened again when i was in solo trip in hong kong ( i was  then ) 
nope that s not cool either ! why do some think that guys like it as well ? they don 't !
- because i must have never had a real man . and a thousand other idiotic comment
the latest the pr pros daily ! 
me too . in multiple cultures and countries around the world .
i have yet to meet another woman that this has not happened too 
thanks sharing so necessary
my university told me it was my fault
thought the congressional stories were pretty
proud to be on the same team as this fearless woman 
il coalition against sexual assault commends
and you re surprised ? said every woman who worked anywhere ever .
more times than i d like to admit or recall .
seattle storms breanna stewart reveals abuse as child
what a ridiculous image . message has nothing to do with harming or taking down penises ( or men ) .
how became the biggest feminist hashtag of the year  - 
: encouragement to victims inside the church
encouragement to victims inside the church
i believe in kindness equality and strength .
stop the violence . stop the stigma that encourages silence .
me too . by someone i considered a friend .
for rejecting the advance of a someone i  d considered a friend .
it happens more than people realize
too much too many times to include in   -  - or   -  - characters .
i didn t tell anyone for  years . he had a gun . i didn t ask for it .
every google  it  retard has a right to be respected .  her vicinity shall never be tress passed or compromised with . 
pinned against a wall but she doesn t have s body like yours .
and then we wonder why more people don 't come forward
warning : we  reply all triggered .
this is such an important part of understanding the why now of  
is trending . get the picture yet ?
we laughed because even in the  2  1 stop  that cent . we had not yet escaped & crying an drinking at work is frowned up on .
i was young and in a lofted bed he had  lbs on me ; i told him to stop but he wouldn t
milano on campaign : this is your time
viral hashtag leads to responses and
i ll be continuing my shortly if you re not wanting to read them you re welcome to skip them but it s .
to those who are silent about their story you are loved . 
the more stories we have about standing up for ourselves the more we can help each other
there s nothing funny about abuse 
read & share folks 
safety comes first but they didn  t get their satisfaction
whoa great talk about in sacrament meeting
labour activist warned about pursuing rape claim 
sad this is necessary but i believe you .
colleges need to be aware that anyone can be a victim of anyone .
important perspective must read . 
indicated report of sex assault a pre  - existing condition .
it takes everything to be a woman .
daily men   - central florida is out !  stories via
years ago . i did report my harrass er .
remember filner ? raul boca negra ? where does it stop ? ( part  of overall series ) 
because when i think of whose name to underline in red it could be yours
sadly we are a lot and we do not know how to stop it . 
correct . right  females . ? 
the latest insid the christian faith ! 
anthony bourdain . to chefs : take responsibility . | go  - wine 
luckily there were two policemen at the station . i explained what had happened as well as i could . they waited with me for the bus .
the club you never want to be a part of .
writing some poems for the movement for awareness .
makes me want to cry to  be  honest
hollywood is on trial .  you can run but you can  t .
as a postdoctoral scientist in my late  2  0 s colleague obsessively asked me out i complained  2 x my adviser said let s not tell hour
dayton women share their own stories
 interesting read about others who want to say but can  t .
what   ever been whispering between ourselves for ages . too often it s followed by i can t tell anyone because .
but you were wrong to take advantage .
but more importantly how can we use let s create a more sustainable ethical transparent and equal world .
in  a white woman stole the campaign .
the movement has taken over twitter
journalist shares personal story
share your thoughts : what s next after the campaign ? 
share your thoughts with what s next after the campaign ? 
. wilson cruz recalls being offered  career help  as 
in which jill good acre has another moment courtesy of those bastions of compassion at 
thank you for sharing council member via
we will not stop until we have victim  - centered reforms right to sue harassers end to nda s .
ever work in a restaurant and walk through the kitchen
because it happens too often to thousands of people
and change your profile picture ! 
for all men and women who have been victims
for survivors carrying around their silently  -  - know that you are cherished and believed .
learn the signs of to help because one more is too many
hi hashtag has spread to  _ # by
wore my shirt by today . solidarity with
the first time i was whistled at was when i was  . the last time i was whistled at was a few weeks ago . it is relentless .
love the french version of
one man takes responsibility and responds to with 
was trending in october but the main stream  media covered it up !
catherine ingram : finding peace in turbulent times  |
yes ! is about the journey toward healing & it s been around for a while . it s time to make some noise for those who are afraid to . 
are   you stand up comic material ? move over chris rock ! 
free release let out let go emancipate liberated prisoners .
how to respond to an abusive screaming man ? 
that sound ? it  s westminster  s sex pests rehearsing their excuses | marina hyde 
every woman has stories . listen to them .
i wouldn t say very but for the salty language . in light of weinstein and i would say .
he would tighten my braces and accidentally rub against my boob or touch them . again i was a kid .
i love you and applaud your bravery .
if it s not to late to tell our stories how can it be too late for justice ?
the megyn kelly problem via extraordinary analysis and commentary on the trend 
thanks for sharing this perspective of
) yet for each  i see your  i  m here for you  there were  1  0  0 x misogynists lurking in the shadows eager to viciously hit back at us
we just supported the trum regime must go . join us on
the is f north america daily is out !  stories via
the present  needs to be female too 
not ready to share specific stories ( yes plural ) but
i  m not ready to share these stories yet . i may never be .  but
the woman behind the campaign 
the woman behind the campaign
he slam : bay state  s share  me too  moments 
my daughter will always know it s never her fault . 
get ready for more because it s only beginning .
i was  years old and working in a shoe store .
attention all people . listen to this :
and still no coverage of the done got you
so grateful that you spoke up and did this . thank you !
love that just showed this tonight
lawyers don 't help the situation much .
i thought this was an intriguing bit of visual rhetoric using the hashtag . ( we could do one with zeus as well .  ) via
an open letter to editors rejecting submissions by victims : | huffpost
an open letter to editors rejecting submissions by victims :
an open letter to editors rejecting submissions by victims :  via
thank you for surviving ! love you sister .
new work out ! follow s up skirting campaign on ! 
matters . read can be a trigger  via
thank   you strength in numbers ! 
gropes again ( allegedly ) bringing the incidents to  i believe . 
support and resources for all who are saying 
october is . shares tragic family story
veronica l cool : girls and the power of influence
ugh . this week . the in nap really just can t spare the qi for depressed ! 
the state of our world crisis is reflected in
there is some major bullshit shifting . can you feel it ?
as a woman in technology  - article url :  comments url :  piss  off .
there  s a storm you  reply starting !
the latest the infinite smile daily ! 
we are courageous and we are worthy of love .
i believe no actor unless they provide names .
retweeted samantha smith ( nope ! not me ! said not a single woman ever .
will and endorse the campaign here on twitter ? just wondering .
instant  message not ready but
live of discuss the campaign .
i love that song   what a perfect tribute . laura mvula is a goddess .
always brilliant and never one to take the easy route : our emer o toole on a particular trick iness in 
here is the full interview from on the campaign 
bringing this over from facebook : and i believe you all .
michelle speaks the truth ! thank   you
i have even had a patient of mine sexually harass me .
 al michaels good monday lake pontchartrain john oliver
& the unique way is fighting against
how sparks sharing  -  - and healing
how sparks sharing  and healing
how sparks sharing  -  - and healing  -
how sparks sharing  and healing 
in  my i mediate supervisor made me feel oppressed & objectified while discussing impending matters lordy !
the movement shows it  s more than just a hashtag
in  women will be sexually assaulted in their lifetimes
i just published  yeah maybe let  s talk  
are victims called & by the faux  - feminist  - cum  - soulless opportunist : 
stop making excuses . we can do better .
the latest mag is available ! 
devastating and powerful . thank you for writing this .
i interviewed in   years after the senate disrespected her . read what she said about it . by the way . 
the latest the tech in biz daily ! 
then it was the battle of the couch . i was fighting him . i didn t want him to make love to me  - selene walters 
i  m in manufacturing so i was told  it  s just that kind of environment 
take note  -  - this is what you ve become !  have you no decency ? have you no shame ? 
sadly there are not good stats on this .
with regards to why didn t they come forward before now questions .
stand up speak out together stronger 
classmate in high school 
i did this on facebook but forgot about twitter so .
isn  t precisely about the ( frightening ) scale of male attempts to undermine or breach that autonomy ? that  s how i read it .
the internet can feel like a cause  - a  - minute factory . then there s
many times shaking  my  head
knowledge is power ; education & accountability are key . 
do not despair . seek truth hope is essential in during trials & eternal .
million in payout to congressional harrassment victims in the past   -  years . 
belly laugh of the day ! whoa : did just smack with her tweet ? via 
the movement gains steam with another great discussion with hln  s carol costello .
opinion | the raw power of
movement spreading beyond hollywood borders  via
is about using the power of empathy to stomp out shame . 
even as a sex crimes prosecutor . we are and change this 
it most certainly is . anyone who has been victimized  - male female non binary etc  - can say
 why we need to calculate the economic costs of sexual harassment  by 
not to equate the two but between the hashtag and the it s quite a night to be
can we start discussing the larger affective labor and un gendering of across the gender spectrum in relation to
but let s not dilute this hashtag . this isn t about being offended . this is being scared for our safety and well  - being .
got   to love game of thrones
what tweeting is like when you  reply dating somebody new
it  s time for the light of justice to shine ! 
numerous examples starting back in the  7  0 s when i was in my teens .
thank  god it's  friday edition says in congress beefs with
thirty  - three million women in the u . s . have been sexually harassed .
me too if all of the women who have been sexually harassed or 
this makes no sense : the movement .  it s not a movement . what  the  fuck ?
a new definition of woke . men in power  are you ?  a for clueless men 
it is hard brings it back up i still can t say it  3  0 years
let the hearing come !  landlines will make life easier 
peeling a layer off don 't you hate it when victims won t shut up ?
you don 't have to share your story if you re not ready
thank you for your voice and your bravery
only if men thought the same way . 
and threatened me not to tell anyone . i carried that secret with me for another ten years .
i was told that it s what i should expect because i was wearing a romper
sara ahmed on complaint and use is powerful brilliant theory for
new episode day ! we talk about and have all the opinions !
was lost on how many need to come forward ?  
have you been sexually assaulted in the past ?
i  m not ready to talk . just know that
this episode is going to be relevant all  and to infinity . 
i am male and i am the administrator of this twitter account .
my dog saved me from the hollywood rapist murderer he had steak from there on out the _afm
by someone who should  ve been a mentor but instead made me feel small
impact ? no more silence . speak up
in  my i mediate supervisor made me feel oppressed & objectified while discussing an impending matter lordy !
preyed on by the powerful silenced by complicity
thank you for your bravery and truth .
as always . i learn so much from you . thank you . i had no idea had been appropriated .
aba member bianca williams reflects on and field work : 
you re suggesting that an insensitive self  - aggrandizing bully is a victim ? you re naive . 
there s a personal story behind every this is kaitlyns :
if only our institutions recognized and instead of protecting senior male scholars 
we know how . just because it s not the way you prefer us to empathize doesn t mean it s any less sincere . (
meet the man who would be the next james gorman . the of finance
for good . a force for change . together we can do this . we are warriors . and the warrior in me salutes the warrior in you
i wanted to say this to anyone out there . you are not alone . hugs and  kisses .
the latest tech access tv ! 
the latest the angel eo ledger daily press ! 
the latest the mark x evans daily ! 
let  s beat w the help of cynthia enloe  s new book  
civil suit alleges first baptist church volunteer sexually abused minor 
the leader of the free world . 
the latest cool colorado !  thanks to
my stomach churns . i still to this day can t wrap my head around so many aspects of it .  via
if you didn  t report it you empowered it . if you didn  t believe it you erased it .  -
the true story behind 
i added a video to a playlist talk tuesday
maybe this should be the hashtag response to that would be an eye opener .
someone was groping my crotch over and over again in an auto till i had him thrown out . 
being sober means my life because there are people like you .
really al michaels ?  oh and
] & came to my then  - apt in aurora colorado and sexually molested me . he [ dbp ] repeated that in
the first class prescription pill latest fantasy revealed :
the day you surrender your suffering and begin to own your survival
stop touching someone if they say no we shouldn t have to pretend to be on the phone or say we have a significant other
amen to that ! thank you for making that clear
dear i acknowledge and support you .
a needed call for nuance in the movement . 
see beyond the hashtag by 
see beyond the hashtag
see beyond the hashtag  -  via
see beyond the hashtag  via
very powerful essay adding to the chorus of 
considering it s obviously pandemic  - maybe instead of it should be ? put the on us on the perp . not more victim confessions .
in the wake of weinstein and why does r . kelly still have an audience ? 
in the wake of weinstein and why does r . kelly still have an audience ?
diversity experts already see the weinstein scandal as
experts already see the weinstein scandal as a watershed
no one deserves to be treated this way .
what to say if a man wants to masturbate in front of you
what to say if a man wants to masturbate in front of you 
this sums up how i feel in a way that i couldn t literally why can  t i say 
of occurs daily since facilitates child porn in 
and instant  message done shutting up : 
that criticism even against not yet proven  prevent other than conditions  which thanks already exists won  t be tolerated ?
when are the going to admit they nominated & support a
must  - read piece by the brilliant 
wired : rt back chn nl : however well intentioned is a too  - perfect meme .
rt back chn nl : however well intentioned is a too  - perfect meme .
step brothers .  years . kicked out when i told .
perhaps the best voice of our time on is 
thought you d like to see this . happy halloween ! 
characters not enough to list the times .
in every decade of my life so far but
guy to my friend what is after assaulting her .
how is serial abuser charlie sheen surviving the  hollywood purge ? when and a viol .  via
every woman has a story & represents a watershed moment !
reading all of the anonymous confessions among other things .
will you or any person you know be making a documentary ? 
homo sexually abused by policeman fabien font an naz  makes me sick suggesting gays don 't do
so much courage out there regarding we have to be better .
we cannot be ignored or shamed . we stand together .
then when i was a glass collector in a bar when i was  ( simpler times ) a lady in her early  3  0 s pinched my bum on new years eve
unwanted back and shoulder rubs
today s episode is w / we discuss the revolution & authentic connection > >
this excuse from former prez is the problem ! 
these stories must be heard . there are many in this thread . 
perspective | i was raped by my pastor 
i was sexually assaulted by two chp officers during a late night traffic stop . i was  .
solid point . think about it . misogyny is absurdity ! are
 election day sean hughes sahara sepia mad max
so he ran his arms around her shoulders tracing the bra straps and said : let s go for a drink or two .
an for our new misty griffin in life nothing is certain . distractions ha  
poetry isn  t loud enough for me right now not even art not even my guardian not even my passion
by a supervisor . by multiple friends . by a peer mentor . by a tinder match . by a resident . by a co  - worker .
jesus is a troublemaker in the ways of violence .
if you were sexually assaulted yes you count too
the sex  - abuse scandal that devastated a suburban megachurch 
cindy gallop calls on adland to pledge to protect the victims of
delighted to be to talk about & how to as it is happening ! woke folk
man catcalls . i skip the alley where my car is parked so he doesn  t follow . i shouldn  t have to do this
. joins me tonight with his unique take on the nfl controversies . . with her chilling
brilliant in every single way .  via
this is the instant  message proud of . 
instant  message a little late . but
same guy slightly different story . 
thanks to the patients who want me to hold the urinal for them even though they are perfectly capable so i threaten them catheter
seeing  by individuals who have sexually assaulted others .
a harrowing and therefore vital read . the deep dark underside of .
they have $$ to hire former federal prosecutors that threaten  years in prison saying :
powerful post by on what men can do 
sexual exploitation is the main form of child exploitation in c se & e europe 
i  have been sexually harassed . this isn t limited to any gender expression
adhering to an understanding u had with him if there was any  instance those hollywood ladies they didn t .
we are now a team for positive change .
& news : nbc news terminates mark halperin  s contract  via
i m p o r t a n t . yes . why . just think about it .  imagine . it happened to you . 
-  - here s what a   -  year old looked like  years ago .
that was  years ago this past may and i still have flashbacks around the time of the anniversary .
. slut  - shames then back  - peddles . nice . 
how social sharing rocked global headlines 
- a  friend  asked what i expected when i wore that outfit .
assaulted on a first date . it can happen to anyone .
 should director luc besson  s pedophilia really be forgotten ?  by 
check out the latest from the movement of
thank you for telling your story
thank you for telling your story .
waiting for gen . kelly s post
please help us expose this injustice . 
amal clooney s moment ( via george ) + other news
and sometimes they were ones who assaulted . 
it was the early  9  0 s and some stores would sell cigarettes to kids with a note by the way
anyone anything anywhere  - hard work can me k them all possible
i  have been fortunate to not have been or i did however have a try to kiss me when i was  years old .
thoughts  read more on the link
years ago  - it changed me  - it still affects me
& out for a sunday stroll .  be i hollywood & highland center
thank you for starting the conversation . 
it is never ever her fault . stop victim blaming .
now i have the mindset that i will seriously dismember anyone that tries to make me into a victim again . i will never be weak again .
/ the only time i can say and be heard is when a celebrity tweets it and i jump on to the wagon .
i was sexually abused by police in by inspector under orders from
both lester & barry want enforced voting like belgium and australia ! the end of middle class imposed progressive
] which resulted in me crashing down flight of stairs breaking leg . when i told him my leg was broken
is the impact of such a viral hashtag like momentary or more profound ?
but we don 't need to go into details
our hearts got out to the iranian mother s this afternoon what they have had to bare is unacceptable .
why are you stabbing them in the back while giving them candy ? we are mad now . 
campaign resonates with egyptian women battling harassment
me too . yes i was abused by someone who was supposed to  
be a male ally by & reflect on your experiences & ideas
here are the demonstrators marching to hollywood and highland a bit ago .
the great on an issue that affects so many .  
thank you and for standing up today .
join us in a few minutes for some lunch and a very meaningful conversation .
at work from a friend and in the club
when is the press going to ask & what it s like to golf w a
is of epic proportions . do better abusers . just stop abusing . 
the latest thoughtful point  of  view ! 
because we are survivors . because we are not going   to be stopped . because
thank you for your honesty and resolve . i hope many more follow you in admission
i support however if we sack all men who ve been sleazy across all sectors .  how many men would be left in employment ?
joining in the conversation ? here is why it pays to do your homework first .
plantation politics ezekiel elliott : your monday evening news roundup 
thousands join the movement  via
giants take on the broncos on sunday night football
dark chapter by winnie m li wins not the booker prize as trends on twitter . congratulations to 
maureen ohara calling out hollywood producer in  . 
how sad is it that there are so many people who have been harass e who ve never found .
from a black woman another kind of
perhaps is the one to go talk to and about stuff 
it s truely horrendous how many instant  message reading .
i was thrilled & honored to meet you after london . i am even more thrilled & honored to see you standing up
holy crap . i thought it was just me .
how about a for anyone who  s been affected by gun violence . maybe then .  
too many times to choose just one example .
i wrote this in  about  and all the time after . in  it still rings true . 
another guy who can t get a date ! 
breaking kaine har ling named as in lapd rape investigation 
wow . this is powerful . thank you 
sharing my experience on fox  detroit s let it rip !
kolkata police have a commendable response to the movement via
yep both parties have their own smut pushers and hollywood has theirs . your point ? 
i was  he was  . not drugged but boozed then cajole d raped often . his name is richard . he was in his early  2  0 s .
for everyone who thinks it wasn  t bad enough
i posted my story on facebook and it was removed .  so here it is .
and much like i am also a jewish girl with a big nose who doesn t diet . time and again it s not about beauty standards
on the intersection of why don 't people report ? and why don 't they speak out ? .
it really sucks when  no .  and even screaming  fucking stop !  isn  t enough .
the latest  second headlines heal in comfort ! 
the stories get closer and closer to home . i  have been at this conference . robert scoble and me  quinn norton 
thank you because sadly a change has to come .
just like the  year old child had the same chance .
they relish : when the boss is tossed you smirk in  gherkin  brined  cranston  - get lost
all of my times are embarrassing . i shouldn t be but i am . like i should ve been able to avoid it . maybe it s some of that ?
unless she s younger than  we should be referring to these women as women not girls .
makes it s way to capitol hill . 
considering moments of that aren  t or per se but constitute and are part of nonetheless . continuing the conversation . 
me too and the problem with viral outrage | wired
the problem with and viral outrage |  via
the problem with and viral outrage :
the problem with and viral outrage >
the problem with and viral outrage 
the problem with and viral outrage via
the problem with and viral outrage  via
the problem with and viral outrage | backchannel  via
the problem with and viral outrage  - wired 
guit ely . the problem with and viral outrage | backchannel  via
the problem with and viral outrage  - 
the problem with and viral outrage  wired
the problem with and viral outrage | backchannel
i was raped after a all  - ages concert club in sept .  .
when you stare at the tweet button for  minutes before pressing it and brace yourself for incoming ugliness .
harassment isn t only offline . how can take the back  by
guess they didn t read the hashtag ?
where do i start ?  - abused people
i wish i lived a life where i didn t have to say
sorry viewing child porn is indefensible .
. is taking a stand . hopefully others will follow . 
is that ? another sex abuser ? what do u talk about ? him  ? i say 
rule  : girls do not exist on the internet .
hate to invoke the hashtag because i like luis but parents beware !
a theme is emerging around where many stories take place
thank you for standing up and sharing . 
a persons rightful due is to be treated as an object of love not as an object for use . stop  that . john paul ii
because i did not want or deserve what happened to me
thanks for being an example friend .
i wasn  t traumatized . i  m not angry . but it shouldn  t have happened .  - sums up so many conversations about 
launching new to help & in  thanks . is knows this
i didn t say anything for  years because i didn t think it counted because he was my boyfriend when it happened
the unsettling truth behind the movement 
the unsettling truth behind the movement  ? via
the unsettling truth behind the movement
the latest just  fuck  off weekly technology review ! 
i was married . we separated . i agreed to have a conversation . i said no .
for med school training and early faculty experience of was the perpetual homophobic discourse in the or
tune into now to hear me chat with & author on our novels
tune in now to hear eleanor what halperin did to her .  
rally to be held today in  via
hmm r any stories about or on the man show and all . like every on a trampoline
no means no !  how low can we go  this has to stop !
because there  s no one size fits all for discomfort welcome to the world we live in as of now
and may be some of the guy you know . ask
i was just sexually assaulted and they knew it .
 when i found out what the girls did there my soul died completely .
the latest the beyond  - bamboo  - mag ! 
black woman founded the movement 
the originator of the movement is a black woman .
the originator of the movement is a black woman 
the originator of the movement is a black woman
floods twitter thanks to
/ needless to say i did not want a  2 and date but his deflated ego needed revenge . he bragged about taking my virginity .
i was wondering if what happened to me counted enough to say i realized that it does .
on behalf of a dear friend :
hundreds in march against
here s one account of what i experienced few years ago 
was forcefully held down by my throat unable to move and told i would enjoy it . i did not .
prepare for the if we have anything to thank him for it  s being the tipping  - point we needed .
this is hard to do and extremely embarrassing but here it goes .
and i wrote about that and also about donald in this post on one of my blogs last january . 
a lot of y  all should have been on the train last november . by the way
anybody in remember joey owner of the nightclub at in the  1  9  8  0 s ? yeah
me aren t taught right . bible has underrated concept to help with this : 
another we don 't talk about enough . october is pregnancy & infant loss awareness month . many in the endo .
that guy puig  s harassing has every right to
in that we believe .  ( ) .  must respect the womb that bore you .  named in quran .
i really don 't want to do this . i am compelled to do so because i have two beautiful nieces .
must read : everyday in thanks legislature via
and keep your junk in your pants please !
so many on my timeline . now looking forward to
of course ! this is how most victims feel !
as a child a teenager and in college .
eclipse star tags hear today on wla q   -  : how to 
but nothing to do with the actual meaning of
i waited until today to say for all of the reasons in this thread . 
read piece on her story .
i didn t understand how widespread rape was . then the penny dropped  - by
did you see our article on the site on abuse ? 
the got heads rolling while protesters are threatened ? uses in daily decisions
if you are tired of seeing then it s evident we have a problem . 
the perfect antidote if you posted on  - . thanks 
md :  why are you all dressed up today ? are you going on a date later ? 
it s really on all of us our ceo tells 
me too . didn  t want to face those memories but here we are .
be a male ally by & refinery 29 : engage in conversations gently and humbly
it happens in sports as well as in hollywood .
he must live under a rock and hasn t heard of 
hope corey feldman does right by corey ha i m with this movie
well i am a dude but i was .  so i hope it counts .
love to you my courageous friend . 
to all the people posting i reply :
i  m not a woman and i haven  t been abused . but .  i care for each of you .
it s too outrageous to believe he d do that to you . you re not at all the type of girl he associates with .
same on all counts but mine started when i was  .
motivating a larger audience who has the ability skill and rights to confront the problem of in relation to and police shootings or whatever ? 
agreed can end rt voices of discourse on offending .
pledging to stand and act . you are not alone .
just when i thought a solidarity campaign was intersectional .  
whoops ! sorry for the typing   mistake ! network !
what i really wanted to say about didn t fit in  characters
because it s so buried deep in me that i cannot post this on facebook but here .
i was  years old and in the hospital too sick to even sit up . that didn t stop him .
between trump and  characters we are about to experience the messiest holiday season ever .
started with my  8 th grade basketball and softball coach .
. textured nuanced confusing horrible encounters w harvey weinstein n her new sisterhood . 
has stories coming out and they re so sad .
i  have been waiting to feel less angry 
lady gaga sheryl crow and more tweet | billboard news 
a radio host called a congresswoman a  whore .  
i am grateful for the awareness that has increased with this hashtag but it can t stop there 
i was negotiating my monthly salary with an independent employer for a new project . he thought i was asking too much [ cont1 ]
very important . consent is key !
did joe biden stand with anita hill ? 
what piece of this story is news is you
yes there is sexism in the way we discuss
it shouldn t have mattered . we both didn t get what we wanted . but her virtue was defended mine endlessly questioned .
before the term date rape existed in our lexicon .  i was .
has an official add on icon like it s or something
the lock finally opens she grabs what she needs and she flees from these jackasses .
it s a mixture of intense anger and disgust . forcing oneself to ingnore it is really hard .
i was  . and didn t tell my mom for  months . 
left s newest distraction campaign . they have things lined up to distract from 
when i was  i almost got sexuality assaulted by a boy .
when another student says they haven t started their project yet
we believe that together we are stronger than hate .
by boys who thought no still meant maybe
 expanded  on toxic masculinity and eschatology ? really ? 
i  have recovered now . but this is my story and i want to be heard
beautiful acceptance speech by honoring fellow and fallen journalists and in closing she said .  and by the way
well that is an interesting theory . do you feel that the response fits that category .
you re the best and any director would be so honored to work with you . 
this feels connected to the conversation . the hanged man  - sacrifice and surrender to 
this is a great article on the movement . 
is making an impact around the world ! 
read about why made such an impact and what comes next
it happens to more people than you think .
i think what pisses me off the most is that anyone in the world is surprised by this .
.  never returned . he died in a car accident . i have dead friends whose killers died too . my guardian angels are thugs
how many tied publicans have been abused by their corporate bully freeholder ?
as an ex domestic violence interventionist and leo analog fentanyl citrate prohibited molecular modification .
i  m never backing down i  m never going to stop fighting you are not alone
you don 't have to have perfect judgement to be the victim of a crime 
how can & i join naming sorry  bout caps s in ?
as a child . it was rape . and now i trust no one . ever . 
i have never told my story out of fear of being ripped apart again but 
it is not okay to say they re just hitting on you it s a compliment would not happen if you were ugly
happy to make a difference to evoke change
- i was almost  . lost my virginity via  - and got hsv ii ( herpes ) as a souvenir . we can and will  rise above together
yep .  3 x that count . dozens that were just part of how it is . aging out was a relief !
i worked at a nat . lab in the physics dept where my supervisor laughed w  other scientists & said how i must use sex toys .
taking back t evil lah  thoughts on the mik veh  via
as trends on history of another great contribution from
for those who have stayed silent . you are still strong .
yes and how about ? and are also guilty . here is this poor girls account .
i was wrong to think i loved you
we need to realise we shouldn  t be afraid to speak out
predators misogynists general a  - holes beware . we are coming .
all the ( w o ) men that have dealt w this & will . just know there r many that stand w u & will b a should e  u . x2
tfw your ugly and can t relate to all these posts  \  _ (  )
read this . total sorority move | literally why can  t i say 
india had the highest sustained growth from  onwards so up a  was on right track . the me too inspired from arab spring also paralyzed
success tip : how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as
opinion : what makes a good man ?  - via while we digest results & implications
we are vulnerable by our gender alone .
at phi ps i fraternity at me being me i put the pervert in his place .
wish there wasn t a need for this hashtag .
me too  feels good to share my  years later .
should surprise nobody  - but it should jolt us into realizing just how utterly & completely we have failed & force us to change that
this has me fighting tears right now .
all around the world .  near and far resist dismantle and destroy misogyny 
don 't let anyone tell you that your story is not bad enough .
fellas you don 't have to do it publicly . but if you re on the oppressive side of you can & change
interesting read : why i never worked at bbdo 
. started a tidal wave it  s all coming out now
share this important free webinar nov .  pm with
hey what say you about i think he s a predator ! 
twitter flooded with responses to
twitter flooded with responses to 
glad to have been part of this panel ! 
this . it really is that easy . thanks matt . 
sad to say i  have not met a female engineer yet who can say otherwise .
when is the i did it campaign going viral ?
huh .  musta got lost on my way to starbucks !
almost two years ago .  i learned that saying no doesn t stop them .
demonstrators marching back to hollywood blvd . and highland ave . for a rally .
too many damn times to count .
do not let other people pressure you in to silence . you have a voice !
this lady has always been a source of great inspiration to me . amplifying your voice . 
can t hold back us for too long
sexual assault takeaways from the movement
we miss you so much right now gwen ! you would have been so proud of the movement . 
i haven  t said anything yet because at first i didn t know what to say . and then because i didn t know if posting was worth it .
you basically get blacklisted in your industry even when they do believe you 
finally : the temple of god is holy which you are .  corinthians  .
you should support a good cause and make a donation at
join us and tomorrow at  in u u  for our next talk about as always lunch is provided !
this is just a reminder that you are not alone we are here to help .
i was  and it was continuous through age  ! my childhood was stolen it took years to overcome
ages   -  ; guy blew his head off when i was
 (    ) rt  swedish opera singers say they were sexually harassed
i had to quit my job because he was the owner .
tfw you re reading and you realize you are that man .
i was  . among many other graphic things the mgr & asst mgr routinely said they would leave their families for  minutes with me .
video : they re promising them the world and then they re luring them into hell .
but you knew that right ? well if you are a woman you did .
nice guys is your problem to solve now  via
prime time dutch talk show about
i love watching the implosion of hollywood !
: what everyone needs to know 
this cretin creep is nothing more than a predator who is garbage to civilized persons ! 
pink floyd  - on the turning away  - delicate sound of thunder 
the latest culture : impact ! 
even cersie !  even lena has a story ! what is wrong with this world ! 
that  s why he  s meeting put in in asia to ask for asylum in russia !
thank you for having me it was a pleasure to speak !
why the movement is a public transportation issue  by
why the movement is a public transportation issue
why the movement is a public transportation issue 
it s not easy to talk about but it needs to be said .
the virtue signalling of will have a lot less power in future ! 
is not your friend : a lawyer on and | opinion 
it also allows serious accusations to be questioned .  that isn t good .  at all 
i hate going to malls . i can rarely shop without an incident
i hope this brings out a realisation in indian society
psychologist says campaign is a good first step
suck up traumatic experiences because we ourselves are to blame  via
i have so many stories to wade through that i can t even remember when it first started because it s always been there .
because i will not accept that that s just how it is as a female in the hospi ality industry .
the guy who drove me to a forest in florence then attempted to rape me . he escaped me kneeing him but i escaped his car .
profanity in the garb of humour can never be excused even if it s your husband . an apology would be better  
is here and we are stronger than ever ! let s have a voice and rock out to some .
good article about responding 
campaign means nothing if it  s temporary  via
campaign means nothing if it  s temporary 
campaign means nothing if it & temporary via
powerful episode of tonight .
oh the places i  ll be better off without you .
i really try not to think about it but
be brave . easier said than done .
this hashtag is breaking my heart
female ptsd is rampant now & 
so one ceo invited me on to his lap during lunch . his friend said that when he was finished w / me he would make room on his lap  me .
shame on you uncle and cousin !
i bought  tickets to see in columbus ohio today . wish you were there meghan o brien .
me also . from age  . not since i allowed myself a quee masculine presence from  on . no one deserves it
is there a statute of limitations regarding child molestation ?
this is why victims stay silent .
- by a prof when i was  . now as a prof myself horrified by trump s title  changes
amazing job should heed your advice ! 
the latest the nature line networker daily ! 
california  s female legislative community says  enough  
me too . this outpouring of strength and support is beautiful .
 we can use our voices for change and to make a difference all of us .   -
daily news you may have missed : 
these freakin bastards still try to wield their power even after being exposed .
any leading bollywood actress coming out with
reminder : take . care . of . you .
the sheer volume of these posts is also heartbreaking . 
the first time i was asked if the carpets match the drapes i was twelve years old . so was he .
exactly  years ago today .
female members of describe by male 
you can take that straight from a  time survivor straight  the bank .
just because i  ve said yes before doesn  t mean i shouldn  t have been allowed to say no .
fine i ll join the chorus in solidarity but begrudgingly  
some good talks on topic 
to and my new facebook cover photo
great shit  eatin  grin . thank you .
they re in every field in colleges and universities . as a child they re neighbors and janitor in schools .
is one of the most important hashtags i  have ever read through .
i  m honestly speechless by the numbers going up in dozens by the second .
take her woman card and shame on her . 
so much so that until this trend started i didn t think that much about it .
the latest book talk ! 
why we can t let just be a social media trend 
my incredible j school students 
it wasn t your fault . you didn t do anything wrong . it doesn t define you .
creeps never look the same in their mugshots as they do in your city .
catholic school doctors offices homes streets subways buses elevators jobs .
from my close friends to strangers abroad .
- remember mooks and midriffs ? we watched it and elected it .
denial  of  normal  t be ashamed .
help spread awareness 
they had a big jacuzzi in the suite after dinner and wanted us to come in
i love my big brother !
instant  message sorry to say
young old what   ever all been there .  years still fighting
today s public pulse letters discuss
reading through the hashtag has been amazing and appalling .
either way she should have known better . but then she couldn t it for the cameras
turns out he  s a creep and not the upstanding  trump an zee  he thinks he is .
too many times to count . with photographic evidence even .
the latest the future of commerce daily ! 
high school .  stalked .
has created a campus where prevails . is not immune . stand 
when i spoke up i was told it was all in my head
economist me : it would be more efficient for those of us who have not been harass e to post woman me :
thank you for your strength and courage
what are you doing about the i like . i like clean air . 
in light of a friendly reminder .
who has been write me too so we get a sense of the of the
knows someone ? was not clear enough for you ? 
i had to google it because i had no idea what was going on .  but now that i do there you go .
i was told i made it up to get attention
and that means what ? she  s a professional interpreter right ?
me too . the details aren t for twitter  - they are for my therapist . but i believe all of you .
the latest global net news ! 
& you ? from anybody from any socio cultural origin from any country any age . always the same
experienced trauma of abuse more than once in corrupt 
why activism needs to continue .  
sending love and healing to all others .
sending love and healing to all
3 same family so on may just b tip of iceberg
words & terms must come together across disciplines in issues of 
proof that is not the only home of this sort of rot . 
speaks truth to power
for everyone wondering why there s still me too going around a primer : 
hollywood is up for grabs now ! with all these cochino s coming out or being exposed .
at the age of  .  it was not my clothing . it was not my feminism . it was not my education . it was my assailant .
thread after let s spell out who is doing the assaulting 
you are loved . you are not alone . you have power .
the guy acted like he didn  t know me the next day .
. my love goes out to all half million . 
sorry but did you miss the whole business ? mandatory ultrasound turns the majority of the us pop . off !
we  reply only following to watch your pending implosion .
you tweeted using  hours ago . 
it  s s a to see how many people have been effected by such an experience .
won  t go into the painful details .  
many years organizer has demanded justice for survivors . still fighting 
twenty  - five years ago . i remember it like yesterday .
i was just thinking that our new hashtag could get misconstrued as the opposite of the me too one . how about or
when it s your manager at a restaurant who controls your schedule paycheck job
did gretchen carlson just say that on  the beat  ?  great line
glad he s being investigated but curious .  don 't you have a sex crimes unit at
wonder if tom price flights sealed this deal .  potus  rape a pre  - existing condition .
okay so not once not twice not even just three times .
may i also post it on fb with credit to you ?
new week new teases  and other female senators say more :
pastor talking about and at this morning
& others sense of entitlement white privilege is over 
black woman started not 
a black woman started
was started by a black woman .
now i talk about movement : are we at watershed moment ? w / & leigh gilmore
i hope it s brought up again . what happened ?
to anyone who shared their story with we stand with you .
no one should have to be scared or embarrassed to speak out and that  s why i am because i have come to acceptance of this society
join our recording & conversation with sunday   -  3 p at
. scott pruitt oklahoma sag work product includes info such as this which dovetails work probs 
leave the world better than when you found it .
don 't be sad  - do your part to end it . will lead to 
sources : former  4  9 er ray mcdonald home searched
me too  - stepping out of fear and finding your voice  - via
one too many stories from women and men . this has to stop .
they ve walked in boots with great success before . 
beyond the power to change the paradigm . 
the sister from slither in . stop freakin kidding the world . accomplice and we mean kiddin in 
bamm !  after  more victims of come forward in case . 
it  s funny how many of y  all got   to be put on mute for misuse
starts when you are born a girl and it never ends .
it s time to end sexual harassment . 
have you learned nothing ?  she said it was consensual ! no one said that !
multiple times in my life
to all that have come forward with you are and you are and you re role models with your strength
brave stories . supportive readers . igniting a movement . me too : the outlier readings
praying this stop  that luke  s day prayer and ps  :  ; like   -  for all sisters today . 
when it s time for the bonobo way to replace the trump an zee s  -  via
or ohh lighten up you take things too seriously or was only joking around 
i  m glad the social discussion is continuing .  
this rings so true . thank you for your words
it s really sad . most of us have a story .
.  at the age of  by a church leader .
needless to say more than once . actually it is difficult to count how many times .
the conversation continues at mc takoma tomorrow   -  !
not just because but because to all the brave and beautiful survivors you 
how can men support victims ? :
i was  . it was very minor and i never felt like it really affected me or mattered . it did and still does .
that is how it happened to me . my friends boyfriend .
because i tie my shoes every day ready to defend .
what is teaching artificial  intelligence  - in practice facebook google 
because i still have nightmares every single night .
this pop  - mediocrity is no is a predator  -  - not a victim  -  - she is exploiting victims . 
relax . it s just beginning . when it s over you white male heteronormative scum will be relegated to the out buildings where you belong . 
looks like the faux male outrage is over .  
why is trending on social media
watch this .  * to cu he s my butt until i am escorted away by a football player *
deserving of a and glitter mailed to his house daily for his anti statements .
i was sexually abused at a day camp
i love you too representative gwen moore ! thank you ! 
.  these fierce wittle hearts !  this video never gets old ! 
compelling raw truth . we are all a little more complicated than we might seem
this thread is on point . thank you 
i was a young man trying to make it as an in  - he promised connections
many times including tonight
nice buzz cut .  allegation coming in  .   .
the system needs to change
influenced my teenage years defined most of my young adult life and me too .
me too  - i don 't care how horny you are no means no and not wanting to hook up with you doesn t make me a tease .
the ego wants dominance and control . and the male ego is currently everywhere . 
has been quite a wild journey . from the to the but this has been a great year for the t wa hotel and
real madrid spurs details here world bank
for all the years with the asshole and for this past friday night .
women should boycott for looking the other way when women are 
i just published  for when you ask what means   
the majority of my facebook feed is 
you are incredibly brave . ignore the haters .
reaches  countries with  million tweets 
reaches  countries with  million tweets
you are absolutely not alone . were here and well listen . 
he was a news director . i was a college intern .
started with a boy who i met through tinder
we are all warriors together ! for my daughter so she never has to endure the pain !
oops . that was not to but to the threads of replies by those who lead an impression that issue is not as important .
join and in  minutes for on the impact of
i was  years old first by a priest then by a group of boys .
unfortunately the guy was never caught
were just going to leave these right here .
going   to leave this right here
seems low based up on my own experiences 
is a joke until we have true in all facets of life . & isn t only for & discriminates again sy
we are not victims we are survivors . no means no
they are domestication and implied violence brave enough to be angry
this is abuse . see the injured . respect the 
because we need to be a voice for those who are afraid
we should start calling it a which hunt  - there are so many . 
i  m not going to go into details but
he thought every woman enjoy his coy words and touches . i didn t .
don 't come forward if you aren t ready . you don 't owe anyone that . be careful with your hearts loves .
why this new trending hashtag is so important ( via |
if you are not actively working to dismantle it [ sex is you are supporting it .  -
if you have to ask then you haven t been paying attention . 
as gains traction more in power stand accused
as gains traction more in power stand accused  via
prompts thousands to share experiences .
this is science & it s coming  u . i am so sorry to all scientists & researchers .  
once it happens it can perpetuate throughout a woman s life . we warrior on .
if you re a tied pub co tenant who s been bullied and abused by your freeholder then please tag then
preach . name names . take prisoners . end legacies .
content warning : ( reposting this image from ) i never went into detail 
detailed post on my fb long overdue
dana is simply hashtag jacking .  using a hashtag to further her murder lobby ends .
here s how men can support the movement 
i never asked for it and neither did the clothes i was wearing .
sort of a different kind of
alaska you have   untested rape kits with forensic evidence  - and no rape keep  in  touch tracking or funding bills
thank you for your powerful piece . 
hi  - it was who started not even milano acknowledges that .
i write to inspire change in the world . 
he sai said battle is something an abuser used once to shut me up .
so cool lifting up the experiences of hospitality workers & study ! 
so many times i  ve lost count .
so many times i  have lost count .
 weinstein and real stories  by
incredibly important piece 
for the thousands who were brave enough to say reports :
good morning ! here we go
can we crowdfund the replies to and do some mapping on what kind of society we have and want to become ?
describes being raped at gunpoint in a powerful book excerpt 
the silence has finally been broken !
a moment for the european parliament  via
a moment for the european parliament
a moment for the european parliament via 
a moment for the european parliament 
cracked ones ! you were right to trust your instincts !
in headshot college and in the workplace .
a campaign against harassment is crossing over demographics and continents .
i couldn  t quite put my finger on what irked me about all of the posts until now .  /
the latest gamblers  news feed ! 
the latest gamblers  news feed !
i have always thought that he looked like an abuser regrets . 
another woman not here to post terribly sad .
too many times to count in my ( nearly )  years .
and can benefit from reading over this information on mous and nda s 
why is harder for on campus to report .  
origins of me too . radicalizing mass healing reaching back to support others .  . 
thanks ex host gretchen carlson fighting
great idea . have survived both & then some ; me too . 
thousands have shared the hashtag 
a2 : well said . it was about claiming your voice & sharing your story with others .
never spoke of it then but won t remain silent now .
coming up on well speak exclusively with about reigniting the movement and what s next
there  s strength in numbers . you are not alone
when did opp and gop start to blend ? seems as if the last letter is the same as of late .
hey robot does anyone tried to f * * * me today ?
you give me hope for a future
you are a predator and the fact that you still have any support baffles me 
elizabeth warren did a on facebook .
leaked report : european parliament can t properly investigate
the latest eccentric yet happy s daily ! 
we have etc . we have a respect for human being problem amongst others .
men paralyzed by here  s why you need to speak up  and how
men also need to speak up about 
men paralyzed by here  s why you need to speak up  and how 
men paralyzed by here  s why you need to speak up  and how via
because they tried to play victim
how can parents help their children so they don 't have to say
has casey affleck been put on the hollywood blacklist yet ? still waiting .
more than  people describe sexual harassment in
here s another video worth sharing !
how and when brands should chime in on important issues such as it s not easy but 
surprisingly even the loudest anti  - gun followers are silent about the bothersome innuendo which is a recurring theme . acquiescence .
gaining the public s attention requires opportunity and relevance .
it s hard to tell but once it s out there it s no longer silently destroying you from within .
yes who knows me well knows my stories and i think this is not about what happened to 
choked up about to cry going through these tweets .
because i believed that it was somehow my fault .
early video on the discovery of the concept of as a culprit in problems in response to
you are no less brave if you choose not to say our statement on
i  m not hearing the voice of who  ve behaved badly regretted it learned from it . 
for a school that was  female at the time i wasn t very impressed
the latest solar goes social ! 
it s a huge presence on fb twitter and instagram 
destroys my heart to see so many tweets . 
the  tactics that tried to silence / reports & failed : / /
hey we  reply waiting .
thousands of march against in protests 
a comedian called out an alleged rapist  and was sued for  million  via
if makes you angry you can fight back like this 
for those who have shared and those who aren t able to we believe you . we are here for you .
in my  2  0 s i had my ass grabbed by the pastor who baptized me in his arms when i was  .
you are never to blame for someone else  s actions
better not ex age rate otherwise
it isn  t that hard . the last few weeks and have shown that . alabama isn  t exempt . 
did mary consent or did god rape her ?
the mafias have destroyed the in order to enrich themselves : they have betrayed the duopoly is a fully made  to look bad subsidiary of the in return for cash .
meanwhile gentlemen were here for you . for your for your fears for extra strength and protection as needed .
but twitter  s my safe space .
helps spark wider conversation in india
helps spark wider conversation in india 
really interesting discussion on on
today  s status : i believe you .
we are also looking forward to have a fruitful discussion
me too zero mechanical  keys black blue red switch teclado for desktop laptop 
thinking about the connection between shame and fame . are they always intertwined one creating a respite from the other ?
before there was anita hill . 
because we  reply still looking for a job
makes me weep . and gets me really  angry . 
this is an important thread : thank you 
the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets | mashable via
hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets
the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets
the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets 
yeah  brother  no thanks ! 
i wrote this for today in the wake of & winning prize .  
year  old ! what is the deal with the image for my post being but my busty
the latest the e book i tude daily ! 
this thread involves a guy who has harassed me for years so bowing out now . i don 't recommend you engage him .
to all those who don 't want to open up about this were here for you . you re not alone
lil ada gee interviewed the woman who started the movement on 
all i can say is and i  have been blamed for it victimized and abused all over again because of it .
when i was about  2 and grade i e hardly   -  years old and then again when i was in college
what if they hadn  t been my ride that night
shows weinstein saga isn  t just for hollywood 
reminded that becomes newly applicable to some college students each semester .
challenge status quo . from abolishment of sat i to are challenges to  - mr . yogesh kumar
this needs to end . politicians are not above the law . 
point  of  view : what does it mean when we say 
guys we need our own moment  via
he did it while i was passed out cold with alcohol poisoning but that didn  t stop him from doing it again when i woke up .
silence is the tragedy . now it is time to solve this problem . once and for all .
no explanation necessary . wish there were more exceptions but that s not the we live in .
actually a sister started years ago y  all 
for me and my friends . and you just want to forget .
years later i replay n can still see the smirk on his face furious i didn  t stand up for myself
u shall forever b remembered  caring more about reputation than children
here is what one young says about toxic masculinity and 
thank you wanda scott for posting . i have more work to do ! yes
you have to forget about it . i don 't want to have to come back to ireland for your funeral like how could i inconvenience him ?
you look at american girl doll ads ?
the latest the elizabeth marcotte daily ! 
the latest the sign at ec inc . daily ! 
the latest the students cloud daily ! 
university ended up letting me finish my last  years for free . the other guy was expelled permanently .
how harvey weinstein used his fashion business as a pipeline to models 
for a co  - worker at city light
don 't be afraid to speak out you are important . 
what this enables us to do is say no more were not going to put up with this anymore .  - to on
looks like i  m late for a very important tweet :
thrice . and i never said anything then because people don 't believe girls ; they punish us instead .
thank you you are a brave warrior for truth . ephesians   -
is a book that i still use daily and we did that study two years ago !
reaches r i state house
does need it s reckoning ? female docs nurses patients ? here s one piece  are there more ?
look for a safe haven in unexpected places where you don 't have to worry about triggers 
i love you guys even more . thank you !
that  s right sister . you are a warrior . fight on .
- break the silence end the violence
it s not always physical activity . sometimes it s words
and if you re not ready to speak on it yet that s okay too . 
maricela mendez of ventura ahead of the march and rally in
let  s hope this isn  t just a trend but the beginning of intolerance everywhere . 
and oh yes : i said it on fb but i ll say it here : as much as it may surprise some : me too .
the latest global action ! 
because it can happen to anyone anywhere in any community & from all walks of life .
a former friend whom i trusted .
intersectional thread  - necessary reading 
this is a terrible situation that needs to be addressed . 
a following of trump no doubt ! 
very true words from & the rest of 
gilmore on turning into action : the floor is now open for redress .
i was told .  i probably asked for it
you are so brave to tweet this thank you sugar tits !
in  working depot corp was told i d be scrutinized & judged ! he got the promotion .  i did not !
i am so proud & grateful that you are my congresswoman !  
on the street ; in a taxi ; in my old studio apartment . must i continue ?
while i cannot say i am a victim know that i am here for all of you and support you
it s so pervasive !  is amazing ! maybe this is part of
global money daily is out ! 
truth crushed to earth will rise again :
wow . this needs to be read more ! 
so brave and so strong . thank you 
too many times and in different ways to varying degrees . 
multiply by the number of weinstein s operating in this world .
me too . manifold . rather unsurprising given that i am a living female ; those seem to be default conditions .
the latest the web on direct daily ! 
i counted   me too  s in my facebook feed in the last hour alone .
so true : as per ellen or is not just me too in general context . 
proud to stand with my sisters .
you forget you bury you forgive you move on .
have you heard about the trendy hashtag ? here is a new reflexion about it and our secular society ! be .
commentary : the movement is not limited to hollywood . adds another voice .
this thread is a must  - read for every man . 
the advocate mag : will you march with
which is why i cried on election night
the mantra of my church has always been and it  s very fitting for it s application . you  reply never alone .
healers are called to lead by example .
in   s  -   - i was  the bad guy  . i was lied about it affected my livelihood . 
a long with every woman i know
just because i have said does not mean that i  m already to talk about everything that i  ve been through & you don 't have to be either
this is why i felt semi uncomfy with the hashtag !  well done 
california congresswoman jackie speier just went
why we are posting because it causes years of pain and we shouldn t expect it . 
seriously if you learned something from compensate a woma for their labor .
promotes sick anti  - trump meme
it s time for our culture to change .
when resting bitch face becomes your safe zone .
appalled that saying might be year or not an obstacle or worse yet an a better . 
sexually assaulted at age
i was assaulted sexually from age   -  
i am not a i wasn t at age  and i was sexually assaulted .
and more than a few times . and this goes for my daughter too .
before there was a movement to highlight femi cide in argentina . then the campaign fell apart . 
don 't be ashamed to ask for help
web adept online marketing news is out ! 
politicians should have their own twelve step program ! 
in oneness and solidarity based on our own experiences .
what of learned after opening up about her experience :  via
just because you ve been in an intimate relationship for years doesn t mean you re entitled to her when she cries no ! i said stop !
on very nice ! have we reached a tipping point ?
oh my  god this ! the next generation of is here ! 
very little reporting on the monday indictments by why ? 
amazing . powerful . loving . beautiful . enough .
yes is the only consent . silence is not consent . agreeing to watch a movie is not consent .
michael resigns as defence secretary after admitting past conduct may have fallen short 
did she type until she does she will continue to be a victim . 
but sometimes conditions moving reinforce other kinds of injustice . trump here  
you may see me struggle but you  ll never see me fall
we have to stand together and continue the fight .
powerful video from the team ! 
despite not being a  and wearing a lot of scarves ( amirite blossom ? )
and the dignity of the human person 
in high school . he  s a doctor now .
if you are judging those who said and labeling them attention seekers you are part of the problem .
none of these are easy for women ! cairo most dangerous megacity for women  - survey 
 what is the difference between being a victim and being a survivor ?  by ris keller 
 can you handle uncomfortable truth
what if it s still bothering you ? reading writing and acting 
rt it s not your clothing . it s not your feminism . it s not your education . it s your assailant .
add waters jackson & johnson to that dumb & dumber list
 with all the info on personal data compromise this hasn t been in the que ever . 
host sex law prof trained my rapist
apparently  was over egged . my actual face :
yes and women are capable of sexual assault too .
our co  - founder and c so dr . karin lach mi highlights how should be a catalyst towards removing gender bias in via 
great book by monica berg74
the ugly truth of print shows penises and 
know that you  reply not alone
with a hope that some years down the line no one has to face it again !
the fear that someone may question your or if it s enough to be a that you ll have to validate your ownership of this .
the number of on my feed confirms what we suspected all a long .
how the harvey weinstein story has unfolded ?
killer writing thanks for calling out assholes everywhere 
. sodomized at age  by an  year old boy i was more puzzled than traumatized . i later forgave him to become a victor myself . 
not shocked . i  ll spare twitter the details and just say 
examine your shit . cause no one else should be saying
how brave of kennedy to share her story 
( get _ repost )    to all those saying no matter who we are all 
several times . at different points in my life . the terror is always there .
i  m not sharing my story yet and i am still brave . so are you .
did lose his show yet during this wave of or no ?
a  story . brave of her to speak out about it then . 
it  s not just in there are many many in needs to answer for his crimes 
and i know too much to go back an pretend . 
for all those who have spoken up about the things that matter to you  - 
brilliant article by anne mcclintock on title ix under siege 
mueller knew about this shit ! why we believe 
dr . m . bilal paper is out ! please read it  stories via
a picture speaks a thousand words . 
and i  m going   to raise my kids to only
small business daily is out ! 
here s why you re seeing all over social media
me too response to weinstein spreads to state legislatures 
a powerful response to thank you for this
my wife doesn  t have twitter so asked me to
this woman started  years ago . 
please join the campaign
i posted a graphic selfie of my beating to tell the world  via
i posted a graphic selfie of my beating to tell the world
this photographer posted a graphic selfie of her beating to tell the world
in elementary middle and high school .
men too need a campaign since most of them are suspects now .
-  a boss  years my senior  -  a regional manager  - later sacked
for anyone who needs support tonight
you can t reply  - brand perfection we have worked hard out here .  
no one knows and he t honks he did nothing wrong .
this is what it means to be a stay classy oxford . cc &
have you picked up this week  s source yet ? events local orgs weigh in on
because i can  t hide in my jacket without getting more scared .
being angry about a major issue does that . 
good to discuss working motherhood & labelling settlement goods with israeli knesset mmm....ok this
let the shock of that sink it . just   kidding . i have all the required parts to be objectified . parks under street lights pepper spray ninja
i wish we could say we have made progress but clearly we haven t ! 
the person who created was by the way .
calls emails texts .  every day bring it on .
the best response to is i believe you
laughing  out loud at his look
when you assert control over their sexuality you scar their soul . you express your sense of their worthlessness . 
- not just a hashtag a call to action :
i am so overjoyed to see that this is still going strong !
we are no longer alone with these experiences . 
) pfizer progressive publishers clearing house sandals southern new hampshire university viking cruises visiting angels australian dream bayer beaches ca technologies enty vio
be sure to talk to your kids about via
can she just live in that pig pen ? guess what ? 
wow ! i would never have thought wouldn t come forward ! 
thanks for the heads up jesse . i ll check it out when she and post the audio 
the french version of is which means out your
well if it happened i don 't remember but probably me too
why a japanese journalist went public with her rape allegation  via
i was made uncomfortable by another male . does my count
pretty much all of this : help reduce the incidence of posts .
report your and on british transport text  a will get back to you
all the posts in my facebook and other timelines are absolutely crushing .
i feel your pain love .
the best i have heard today . 
i use to have this silly notion that i could keep my daughters from this reality . that because it .
all in tweeting cultivate some everyone knew no one said anything .
in the face of the hashtag what do you recommend for us survivors ? should be forgiven ?
if you re surprised you re not paying attention .
many of us have got horror stories to share  -
comes forward after  years is she having a
so excited to join at on  for their show blom quist from tickets are just  . get them here
maybe soon we  ll move on from the passive voice of to a more pointed construction :
the latest business news ! 
. read this from . oh and by the way : 
march draws hundreds of supporters in california  via
march draws hundreds of supporters in california
i was told i didn  t have a  strong enough  case so i didn  t bother
. on harvey weinstein and the economics of consent 
brit marling on harvey weinstein and the economics of consent  - the atlantic 
 when i was nineteen years old elie wiesel grabbed my ass .  by 
dangers of mean my piece today  via
on  this thread is about but all of us who participated in recognize this tweets many applications : 
it s good to see talking about this too .
reason why i quit the army rotc  -
here s things employers can do to forward the movement
again those who believe it is just for attention have no clue and i hope they never do !
every fucking day .  and i d really like it to stop .
this is the right now .  takes down blue state blues ! 
can a man say if yes guys could be a victim too
jennifer lawrence shares degrading and humiliating hollywood experiences via
i mean it s not like ellen s a predatory lesbian who s brutalized & sodomized partners .  
i denial  of  normal  t know what to say .
because i denial  of  normal  t know if they were sober
you denial  of  normal  t even know .
the blanket of silence has also shielded perpetrators of assaults on communities . is inter  - sectional :
new tech yeah ! published ! 
sex trafficking is a billion  - dollar  - a  - year industry in the u . s . but we can change that .
do you ? how to handle a incident if one arises in the workplace
piles of criticism i & my dtr have receive not one person has noted we haven t sued any systems induced trauma no one has helped us .
everyone stop and look at this cutie being the greatest spoke doggo ever . & 
you were drunk is not an excuse i was  and you were in your mid  - twenties you don 't remember it but i do
famous halloween costume should be carrying trump s head
i  m very sorry that happened to you . but i  m not surprised .
tips from on talking to kids about & 
help raise awareness .
even though this movement is flawed i thought i d share . 
because it happened to people i love .
why didn  t you speak up ? why didn  t you say anything ? they ask . let  s tell them !
a new on politics and trump in the age of
hubris .  it will always be the step too far the brings one down to size !
perfect timing is trending
just because we don 't talk about doesn t mean it hasn t happened .
instant  message not being funny . instant  message not even being salty but between how some of you   all acted with and
today s public pulse letters feature and more . the list :
thank you for your campaign . maybe this one straw of the millions fallen before it will be the last one .
anyone who addresses you as just a from their really does not have your best interests in mind
because i didn  t ask for that picture of your penis
i didn t post this for a long time because i am not  
when i was  at my high school with two ex boyfriends
when i told my mother about it she called me a whore .
what an inspiration ! now feeling doubly blessed that i got to meet maureen ohara at  oscars governors ball . 
- had been reviewing plays n sf when a director asked if i d be in his play . didn t even have to audition . during rehearsal he said :
where mostly we learn that fans are crazy creeps as well ; 
how long will this stay news ?
we are strong and beautiful and we will rise above and thrive !
the latest the mom : informed daily ! 
opinion | cal thomas : includes my daughter and granddaughter
sign of the day . ( l . a . s march . )
and the number will rise . just watch . 
don 't dispute the experience . shut up and listen .
well but that s what s really important isn t it . : : tone of irony so dry it could probably sandblast your jeans : :
cc / i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on  via
trying to chat me up during is a serious
unpopular but real opinion . isn t for everyone .
at least they thought i was addictive  right ? 
the number of posts has me in tears . it is too many .
the movement didn t begin with harvey weinstein . and it won t end there
the movement didn ' t begin with harvey weinstein . and it won ' t end there
the movement didn t begin with harvey weinstein . and it won t end there via
the movement didn t begin with harvey weinstein . and it won t end there .
no one ever listened to me . no one ever believed me . here s to never being silenced again .
professor denies allegations by french author
my college gpa suffered because i would not suc comb to advances by my faculty advisor
amen  the fact is we just did this  like all  of this  almost exactly a year ago .  
been wondering about trump s accusers during well here . 
at  when i got groped in the stairwell at church
too many times to count . it s not about sympathy it s about change .
have been under a pile of documents for the past  hours : and well played
this is the man world needs 
dismantle patriarchy everywhere ! basic . necessary . true . 
phil anschutz had to ask is my son gay ? aftr threatening suicide .
the latest business breakthroughs daily ! 
it can happen to anyone . especially when you don 't expect it
alyssa stick to  me too  there you can make a difference ! otherwise you just make stupid uneducated statements stop !
watch : naomi mcdougall jones :  ways can fix itself
this is serious . god bless you feldman . 
tired of all the posts ? suck it up . this is reality .
because i believed everyone is good .
that is the night that came for me by eloquently written . 
am i the only person not shocked by the volume of posts ?
a smile isn t consent . a laugh isn t an invitation .
representing wi well with a powerful message in the movement 
the swift unraveling of kevin spacey  _ in less than a week 
doesn  t matter how masculine they were or i was or how feminine or androgynous . the fact is it happened . and it should not have .
speak up stand up . shame survives on secrecy .
years ago . instant  message almost  .
this is a never ending trend . thanks to wow
if christ came today he would be with his children
response to from kolkata police was noteworthy . assured to trap the creepy one .
i tell part of my story in
they were powerful & connected in business  - would anyone have believed me ? did they do this to others ?
harassed more times than i can remember .
bill o & files  million defamation lawsuit over facebook post 
sorry is just a five letter word . 
mother earth is being molested by mankind continuously
thank you for re introducing this important movement . 
like that thought crossed his mind . which says everything about him . (  )
this was my halloween costume in  . i was a fancy owl ! i was cat called even in this . ( damn what s under that ? ) duh . all of us .
remember that feeling just like it was yesterday .  it  s been  years
please share your story . 
i actually can t finish this article it is so upsetting . i will finish . everyone should read it . 
another rapist outed ! were here for you don 't give up sister . 
i guess the can be singled by understanding that  no  means no .
- keep up the fight unfortunately 
whether it be catcalling grabbed inappropriately or complimented on the size of my chest
take back the workplace
live stream president trump speech foundation
sean hughes black panther kevin cad le ed sheeran rhys webb 
passing out was the only way i could get away from him .
i hope this isn t a blip . we had this identical conversation last year . thank you 
i  have been at a loss of words because i didn  t want that this week .
box church culture says sign a covenant ? what is this ?  mous nda s and you 
former democratic staffer tells of experiences in
lawyer up ladies  - sue the shit out of them
remember this everyday . our president has committed
in  3 rd grade by my own father .
are placed in a category of being overly sexualized and face further scrutiny of pulling a  race card  or  history card  (  3 of 5 )
we hear you we believe you and we thank you .
discussing this now is making me physically i ll .
i can t talk about it today . i don 't know when i can .
] reported that the adams county district attorney was gunned down in his front yd .
there was no complaining about it if you did you were excluded fr meetings you weren t team player your job required on your silence
years of fear self hatred and a controlled life .
many females in india r seeing and using as !
any guy who complains about the posts is a rapist .
this is why people often speak out later in life or not at all ! 
q4 : jaclyn you write about women owning their sexuality . does help women do that ?
  a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
the next step after is naming names . 
brave and important insights on the campaign from 
got your point . hate
me too . of course . and if you have the luxury of being shocked by i have some homework for you : 
pushing back a hand on my lap the next day .
thanks for sharing this ashley i wouldn t have seen it otherwise 
i saved this two years ago but it is still painfully true today .
why i was wrong not to add my voice sooner to  me too 
i support the campaign . i hope you
the move beyond average ( mba ) daily is out ! 
i love you & thank you for about people ! 
i asked a diplomat for a visa to attend a conference . after taking my passport he said he would give me the visa if i was nice to him
now is the time to speak up ! everyone !
the tragedy is when the clocks second hand can t reach the tweets of
my biological aunt covered up for her predator husband too ! 
i will not sit silent anymore .
was aged   -  couple who babysat me molested me continuously while in their care .
the campaign was actually started  years ago 
wow . i had never thought of it like this before . 
got   to keep from being co  - opted into a campaign for more policing and prisons
powerful to read so many voices . and yes .
if you ve been a victim of a bus you may have re course but there are limitations .
i will no longer sit silent . enough .
. monica lewinsky tweets 
monica lewinsky tweets juanita broaddrick blasts her
monica lewinsky tweets  
monica lewinsky tweets
monica lewinsky tweets 
monica lewinsky tweets via the application is a 
two words that are difficult to type .
this is why you re seeing all over twitter today
we have been seeing this all over twitter today !
star damon gives conflicting statements on what he knew about
what ? several nvr dc staff weigh in with suggestions on difficult convos that happen after
anthony bourdain . chef behavior must change | go  - wine 
i am part of the movement . we aren t alone .
i am part of the movement . we aren t alone . via
dads please read this . none of us should contribute to this . swimming in trauma of  via
because i feel like it should be said . and because children never ask for it .
for every there is an . it  s time to change the story . 
 harvey top of ladder .   emma thompson . ( heard  through
a little less than  weeks on heart enamel pendants
no one should ever feel at fault for wrongs committed against them
yeah but this has been presented to him way before me too this is cold & calculated 
me too . fuck white supremacist capitalist patriarchy .
aged   - huge respect to you for starting this !
watch tonight on wgbh  -  for a talk about and more . 
yeah same .  i never even thought of it that way .
should actually be and that is what is really fucking sad .
social work bytes is out !  stories via
you should have been more careful : when doctors shame rape survivors | annalise maybe 
the speak out evolution from ms . magazine to the time is now for employers to reply  - examine their practices
you have  followers linda you re kidding point entirely . gretchen s entire book is
for radical self and collective healing .
funniest example was surgical attending w a reputation who groped my thigh during surgery w patient under anesthesia ! ( thread ) 
i thanked a lender  their sml pkg of papers  a closing on a home . he called me to say his wife would disagree that his pkg was sml . 
i was  too . instant  message  now and instant  message still dealing with it .
is just the beginning says creator listen :
i just watched one of this videos of a uiuc student y  all niggas wild as fuck
for [ me too ] and for everyone else out there . you matter and i believe you . 
let s break the silence and stop the shame !
it would be easier to count the ones who haven  t .
good for her ! love yeah !
 oh you  reply just asking for it now . 
i hope everyone with receives the healing they require .
great work see you there
should be for anyone who has been raped . why leave it to women and women only ?
what is at the root of why sexual harassment and assault occur ?
allege sexual harassment assault by 
loses it as advertisers ditch his show : liberals want to  silence  me 
we must create a sisterhood and a brotherhood of allies to fight this
join us for a storytelling open microphone and star fundraiser in nola on  
whether or not you share your story you are not alone .
this is trending at  ? !  wow this could actually be something .
why the hell is not tweeting about their experiences and being transparent ?
so easy to be a sorry ass democrat . 
cannot wait for the diversity to start trending . 
more times than you want to know .
more times than i care to count . nevertheless i persisted .
been there done that doesn t work ! one day after .
in high school . by a teacher .
i  m thinking is maybe there should be some  guidelines  about how to the evil of this shit .
made me fight back for self and others
definitely a pervasive issue
is exploding  - boom ! great piece by in today : 
cause i  have heard it all before and i  have been down there on the floor . 
my beautiful and strong friend summed it up for me as well . 
posted and deleted a few times but here it is for good :
that s a powerful message . thank you
is ford doing anything but following tesla  s lead ?
my is online . talking about : the great depression
speak out and stand together . you just never know who you might inspire
it s weird that is choosing obfuscation over clarification especially with revelations .
hahah guys ignore this fact about 
- when i worked for a christian non profit and at just about any gas station
no girls are safe in this world
retweeted kacie farris ( i was  and he was my youth leader . groomed me . it s like .
but they still proudly stand behind grabber trump . 
wow there s so much humanity in you .  glad it gushes via pithy august speeches . congratulations on john schlesinger
would have us blaming ourselves instead of assailants . no more self blame .
were waiting . there will be a mass exodus . we do not have the stomach for this enabling anymore . drop
after getting my degree i returned to in & this same prof stalked me  i left !
are men and women who purposefully engage in sexual activity . 
just because i don 't talk about it it doesn t mean it didn t happen to me
we quickly learned the currency of girlhood  our bodies were open territory for all .
how the movement got it s power 
male survivors count the same !
including my short piece on how to observe  in the era of 
surprised the number is that low . 
is ever ! and please don 't throw in my face again . try it first . 
every matters even the silent ones .
he had a way about making us fear him didn t he .
would m me macron please hand herself in to the police
we believe you . you are heard . you are not alone .
i was  and walked  feet from my grandmothers house to buy her milk and cigarettes
a couple weeks later of is columnist margret went e still employed with her
you are all brave : march against in  - breitbart via
this thanks mr . farrow . this is why it s so critical to support investigative report in 
new video by dear friend : 
thread ! love your work 
in lonely streets in crowded buses in multiple cities
the advocate mag : scotland yard is on the case .
groped at a business meeting 
i was abused by our house help i was  or
we are demonstrably not . have you not been following the and hashtags sir ? wild apes are not the only abused 
keri becky ket ring  - black you re an amazing advocate !
this is so important today . and actually pause to listen . 
you are safe here . you are not alone here . we stand together
for anyone who is part of the movement i believe you : 
i was only a kid at  and you were my boss . you humiliated me and i was too scared to say anything .
their not existing . never having existed ? if they were just literal dust or something that  d work .
has reached the music industry ( rs fansite )  -
it s getting to be too many times too many years to keep track of .
now if i can only find a way out of these damned allegations .
i stand with and the many others who have come forward for this piece .
a response to let s spread solidarity with
to the vc who asked me out on a date after pitching him my company .
how did you keep so calm in this interview went e  s criticism of was outrageous .
he kept rubbing his hard cock on me during gynecology exams . i didn t imagine that .
millions of women say about sexual harassment ( 
millions of women say about sexual harassment .
the bravery of this young person recording their attacker is commendable .
crank it ladies . kesha  - praying ( official video ) 
learn the origins of that started  years ago by a 
why instant  message not saying via
every  seconds someone in the u . s . is sexually assaulted .
we are strong and brave sisters .
must read !  the conversation we should be having  via
from our family to yours we love you and we support you  . gen next mentorship 
n for all those not ready to step forward n say it themselves .
there is nothing about this that is even remotely explainable or justifiable . this is where it gets personal 
a conversation about follow live
and it  s okay if you  reply not ready to say  me too . 
i left two schools and two jobs
by my father s friend when i was  . by a neighborhood boy when i was  .
thanks for your courage to share ! 
years ago : peggy lee s atter lee second underage girl to testify against errol flynn . ~ santa an a register
bowling alleys grandparents house on walk to school in cars at the beach
do it ! we support and believe you beverly young nelson
 me too  hashtag lights up twitter and facebook w .   via | by
is giving voice to trauma
opinion :  things we can do in the wake of
i liked a video thoughts on
join the conversation . share your resilience .
i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on  - by the response
a neighbor smacked his brother for pulling down my tube top
even taliban denies rape of hostages geez the way us needs & highlight shouldn t be used in same sentence as 
heroic . thank you for sharing your story .
thank you for sharing your story .
thank you for sharing . story from 
thank you for sharing your story !
thank you so much for sharing your story
and instructors in the have thousands of are learning that martial arts teachers across are targeting our
police soon to deploy futuristic hoverbike s are in trouble  - via
it was only a  joke  that i  took too seriously . 
wandering hands that s how it starts . very timely
i have a daughter now .  please god never .
so true : mixed feelings following | 
one day from launch ! check out my bonus chapter about the real me . peek 
i  ve been assaulted . it  s not okay . speak up 
what say you my sisters who have built careers in boston ? 
i hate feeling like my privacy has been violated .
retweeted court ( no means no
a powerful message to share . 
started trending on twitter 
i believe you it  s not your fault it happened to
goodnight everyone and oh yeah
sharing this article i wrote in  about my 
let s rise up in justice & honor each other !
a common experience . we fight them off & emerge traumatized ; they exit insisting that we should ve been flattered by their interest . 
sharing .  thank you for all who said on twitter ^ p deb 
i was a little girl as well when this happened to me . still processing .
huh . read my story and tell me if i  m  hysterical .   by
.  what s as traumatizing as rape ? convincing everyone around you it wasn t your fault .
a persons actions and words are a reflection of their heart not yours
wondering what you can do in response to here s a start  - > guide on bystander intervention . 
isn t it nice when they start talking .
we stand together . you do not have face this alone .
my step dad did it once when i was  but i lived next  years in terror ! 
 no feminists are not a hate group  
maybe this storm of declarations will make a difference . for that this discomfort is worth it .
i stand with the family today and always .
who will be the voice for children ? here s an excerpt from my new book
demonstrators at the march in hollywood today .
from to there is so much courage in the world and it is a compass for truth .
because one of the  1 stop  that phrases you learn in a new language is always : don 't touch me
brilliant booking  2  6 years later were still dealing with this shit
legendary announcer on protests : i ll never watch another game again vinnie .  the political insider
wait .  what ? is there a point or do you frequently use footage some weirdo recorded of families at an amusement park to deflect from your pervy ass
the latest world s astro report ! 
wow  - this isn t a short list . isn t the only one 
me too girls . and i will never let myself get assaulted again .
please read this thread 
read this thread please . 
this went from a to a i used to love this guy but now i d like to smack him . 
two words that break my heart :  me too  from
because your lawyer looked scared too .
it s anything unwanted . it s whatever makes her uncomfortable . it s whatever she says it is . respect that .
amidst the global scandal discusses the pitfalls of with
honestly believed it was my fault until years later .
i posted this on fb was met with this from a misogynistic troglodyte .
i applaud the bravery of for writing this 
at least that s what the defense team argued for him
next well hear we should be wearing body cameras and even that will not be enough for these schmucks .
even in the us congress many little the answer 
it s impossible to forget a single incident over  years .
the group out number trump base
so proud of and for being brave enough to post their videos .
while traveling while at home while at work while with boyfriends while alone .  
okay that s all i can for tonight . thanks for caring .
the latest the pen dry white daily ! 
junior year by  of the guys on the tennis team with me at the park next to my apartment . he s popped in at every job i  have had since
gran standing ? wow . incredible .
it didn t matter what i looked like or what i was wearing .
this . of course we smile . but if our eyes were daggers .  
no one is really busy . it all depends on what number you are on their priority list .
my country preventing me from having my french sweets
in a bus in a train station on the road .
recommended headgear for your next date little chance you ll become a
hundreds of pitt students wrapping up their mile march to
check more sites for info that must be known ! 
instant  message not your mommy and in the bible ( my new post ) 
glad to be on the same page of the campaigns origin :
just like every woman i know . some men too .
where is liz warren s story ? oh that s right warren lied .  again .
this is why bad behavior cont .  on application is inappropriate devour  - commercial  - lunch spank  -  
on  occasions back home in no ls my boss & then when i was a registered nurse .
was in what was supposed to be a business meeting and then .
what you are saying is so important thank you so much qasim . 
never been scared to tweet something but
it s hard not to blame yourself but it s never your fault
out of curiousity as a follower and someone you ve messaged directly has the hashtag engendered more consideration in your posts ?
.  one night they invited me over to a nearby apartment to hang out listen to some songs . i was alone with the three of them .
you might like to listen to the whole interview to hear it in context .
cameraman asked to verify if i was actually molested because because i did not cry and maintained a calm disposition
i believe you and i  m sorry it happened to you .
children a year are married in america
i would like to see harvey weinstein in his robe in the ring with ronda rousey .
say here s how & limit their political lives worldwide . 
every one that posted knows which one was the true .
all of the posts are breaking my heart
+ the fear of losing your job as i didn t have the power then that i have now .
entire feed is filled w /
i wasn  t safe in my own space in my own body .
she stops . turns . stares him down . he continues . so she yells at him . with every fiber of her being . tells him to fuck off .
not once not just harrassment by those who i trusted no means no !
the meme on is not surprising but it is heartbreaking . truly .
wrote a piece for western mind about and 
episode   - sutherland springs and evangelism vs . justice
hope u will say it s these kind of statements gals like me r insecure about their body !
think before you speak !
aww rodney .  i guess you fellas have no learning curve ?  grow up !
retweeted jew had i  ( somewhere an agent needs to be fired 
and raising  teenage daughters who will say at some point  - this is a disease with no cure just brush it off and
thanks for being candid & open during our conversation about 
i can  t stand the sight of him much less hear him speak
house of cards cancelled ! if this starts a trend by the new year we could all be bingeing
if you are a muslim woman and you were furious about weinstein heartbroken about the campaign and then .
black girls media declaration 
i was greeted by a shirtless ceo ( mine ) for a scheduled meeting via
it is never your fault . stand strong
predators beware . good ol days are over 
. reports on tonight s event at 
i wrote some more words today .
i wonder how many us will have an excuse for this behavior .
i was sexualy harrased by my mentor my boss did nothing but blame my personality
as reaches highest political levels stokes debate
nuh uh ! this guy is not fucking with my girl 
harvey weinstein the most  - thanked man at the oscars ? via
dear notifications how can not be a trending newsworthy item but random football scores are ?
so true !  claire underwood .  don 't cancel .  do something different and rewrite !  
in my feed anyone who updated with is now hidden . anyone else experiencing this ? quick algorithms for silencing ? not cool .
will be tweeting sunday . after getting that ( _| _) pounded .
as she approaches her locker ? there s a group of .  well say jackasses nearby . they leer at her . catcall . say she s a slut .
having a profoundly stunning conversation in reply and more . 
mitchell gara bed ian vs . the catholic church 
very of .  hope many others will join in support . must end . not one more . 
sorry to break it to you but mother would say if she could . 
change never happens by remaining silent
my prayers to all including males that are
another recent i  with three bodhi h by in the city that supports
vote yes proposal  to hold a ny constitutional convention 
never in a million years would i have thought would be the voice of reason .
the latest the getting daily ! 
there was also talk of removing me from the family home . but my m a resisted said she was worried about what the neighbours would say
an important read shedding light on the scandals
i was never in movies but i was fired from  jobs i didn t pt out
what is on facebook & twitter and why is it trending ? 
this short essay relates to the discussion . 
over  years later and i have only told  people because of shame . he blamed me so i blamed me . still reeling .
nypd referring harvey weinstein allegations to other departments in the us overseas . 
let  s change the statistics to point to the real culprits
a gentleman would have simply taken the initiative to find more chairs .
do not ever let fear stop you from sharing your voice .  - via
what really says about the world we live in  via
finally brave enough to post it so
me too . i was  . he left me a gift : chlamydia . he stole my future children .
this thread will break your heart . 
i loved this .  it spoke to me in away many never could . 
judy let s do do show on for disabled children . here s an excerpt from my new book
at  p on of the on her comparison between the women of utah and women of hollywood . issue
hillary clinton is an enabler of she is not a hero to anyone .
& yet gets a free pass .
here is my story that i feel i can now share .
a different kind okay .  
best video creator software : 
as an ocean lifeguard a coach a teacher a unionist and an activist
if you don 't pick sides you are taking the side of the rapist .
this is important for everyone to listen to . 
a trusted servant in our house for decades .
/ my isn t heard individually it gets lost among a million others .
i called him out lifting his arm & asking does this belong to anyone ? i found it on my thigh . we had to leave or to re scrub . 
me too . i just posted one event and kept it vague
we should all be angry . no matter your gender 
me too . and i was never brave enough to report it . so much love gratitude and appreciation for those who are braver than i am .
so and fuck him and the system that empowered him .
those ugly hands that violets our bodies .
i remember everything except [ his ] name .
when i was in a committed relationship when no didn t exactly mean no to him .
wondering what you can do beyond ? honoree provides incredible insight .
what i  have experienced from my male peers . so yeah .
& was one of the dirtiest bastards i  have ever encountered . of course i refused his advances so there was hell to pay and he
because we will be silent no longer . because it needs to stop .
sister were so strong and no one can ever break us or render us powerless !
ayesha g ulala i claims imran khan asked supporters to throw acid on her face  - the express tribune . 
ayesha g ulala i claims imran khan asked supporters to throw acid on her face 
four northwestern students talked to nbn about what means to them .
ladies .  apparently we move to antarctica or greenland 
yes do something and support victims .
i  m tired of performing trauma : five cartoonists on  via ( but not funny )
when i was a soldier .  or when i had that one job .  i can t talk about what they did .  or how i handled it wrong .
thousands to march in rally
thousands march in rally
: a creep on a packed bus in brussels . and other incidents .
back that i see these behaviors for what they really are
business insider :  1  0  0 s of us lawmakers lobbyists and consultants in state legislatures say 
please believe us . remember when you said
all the posts on my facebook are triggers . cannot able to .
exquisite layers of chaos . again bobby cagle is headed to the la foster system
i  m watching and now they are talking about watch
yesterday i posted about the trend with this tribute to of makes the .
this artist created a locked  - lip piercing to make a statement about  - via
still breaking my heart .  all the hashtags .
that abc presenter who uninvited massaged my shoulders and said :  i  ll tell you what would look good on you . me .  
being a does not give you permission to say or do whatever you want . you do not have a right to anybody .
a poignant discussion about on fox  detroit s let it rip ! with a lawyer a psychologist and two authors !
thanks for that means a lot !
hoping this is a reality check .
i will no longer be silent . it was never my fault .
i join the voices with my sisters .
stop selling items that help girls  ask for it  
because we don 't deserve to live in fear
getting it out of my system my moment ( s ) 
i will never follow any account who makes a mockery of my country
at  my boss propositioned me for sex but my  job didn  t depend on it  .
steve bannon is an evil genius and he s bringing the full brunt of breitbart down to crush the momentum :
i can t even list them all .  and there s something very wrong with that .
i wrote about and how the media often normalizes gendered violence for 
who is your me too ? one was a teacher . one was a date . one was a colleague . one was a supervisor .
sympathy and support to all the brave  me  s  in this hashtag .
voyeuristic crimes & body shaming by ge & does that qualify me for
why you should wake up and pay attention  -
it s no longer as it s ? sad but true .
i am thankful you have two sons to teach also .
for from the trenches . thank you denial  of  normal 
tanz is claims are exactly what was designed to do and it s wrong .
we spoke to and about why is a public transit issue : 
maybe if all of us who have been say something the size of this problem might be more visible . you think ?
no protests from europe s thousands of child brides : they have no voice 
dear survivor it was never your fault .
i remember being in nursery school riding my trike around the clothesline . i tried to hang myself on the clothesline after the
this year has been one of the most clarifying years for confronting my past which is ultimately both painful and healing .
in which wanted to punch a polio victim in the face 
retweeted monica lewinsky ( 
so .  has a tip line .  wow .  
now it all makes sense thorn receives donations from a scientology front group . so while may not be an a  - lister ; kutcher is so that must be why survives ?
week to go ! heart pendant + charms
glad shared this . has shown the devastating magnitude . 
your safety and healing comes first
open discussion on the topic
we hear you . we believe you . we can help . .
we hear you . we believe you . we can help .
sunday afternoon walk  be i cnn bureau
mind her tweet with .  can t wrap my head around this
i think it  s time for all the congressional aides and interns to speak up . ?
you are not alone . you did not ask for it . it is not your fault .
do you feel that the campaign will spark change ?
and i actually can t think of any woman i know who hasn t .
because saying no and stop is too hard to understand
all of these tweets are breaking my heart .
the filter through which our expectations & those of future generations were born . more of a toxic snow  - globe than a glass ceiling . 
.  funny how you try to forget but never .
jane fonda & gloria steinem on the age of weinstein & trump  via
speak up . time to get nasty . where is 
! not exactly in that sense so what pc experienced ! 
i  have said it all before and at the moment not in the mood to go through it all again . so for now i ll just say
my doorman and even after he plea bargained the building kept him and he still works here .
2 x in fast food jobs and groped on the paris metro as an exchange student .
so proud of my best friend .
turns out that campaign want a waste of time after all .
bread and roses television with maryam na mazie and far ib orz poo ya via
does free speech apply to those who doubt specific claims ?
we can  t be better unless we  reply talking about it 
inspired by a radio personality in sweden made a courageous disclosure on instagram
when will it stop ? i  m doing everything i can to make sure it does . 
the latest ngp news report ! 
( sexually harassed i believe )
very important  - please share 
but i am stronger now and i will not let my past dictate my future .
i still struggle with my innocence being taken advantage of yes
it happens in too too often . thanks for sharing : a reckoning  via
it happens it s not right it must stop and you are not alone .
it s getting real . ter reece s daily is out ! 
is not normal . it is not love . it is abuse .
i wish i wasn t surprised by all of the posts .
law firm needs with new article 
it seems to be so common stay strong
s arc weighs in on social media campaign > >
why aren  t we talking about this shit when comes up 
the interview with was extraordinary . so articulate about a terrible situation .
there was a march in paris not too long ago : 
the best response you can give for is
a fear of flirting and being suspicious of all male  - female interactions is the inevitable fallout of the moral panic 
harvey weinstein  s not the problem . he  s a symptom .
harvey weinstein barely scratches the surface of this problem .
are you ready to be exposed ? i have a feeling ! 
oh my . this is heartbreaking . so very sorry .
it shouldn t take a hashtag to stop something so cruel .
cutting our tongues out and chopping our hands off won t stop us from telling the truth .
i rarely jog outside anymore because of catcalling .
the voices of break global silences  via
what a difference a year makes for mark halperin .  
everyone should read this . maybe just maybe then it wouldn t be so hard for some of us to say 
hillary grappled infidelity & his accusers mrs clinton .
too many to count unfortunately . but the memories never fade . 
i avoid tweeting about bygones and has  - beens but this is worth it ! this 
is this man saying what i think he is ? 
this is true . unfortunately . i was very lucky .
as educators we must protect our students . here are resources from & 
let  s d enunciate misogyny in academia not only film academy !
on being believed : the husband stitch  & this thoughtful response 
you might have injured our bodies you might have broken our hearts but you will never break our spirit .
because i denial  of  normal  t need to be sold off
my girls & killin it talking about on with so proud !
when i was a hostess (   -  ) the bartender had me put menus on the bottom shelf ( where they didn t go ) so he could look at me bend over
you can  t know what it s like  be a woman until a man approaches u to express his interest & then turns aggressive if you reject him
well yeah trump made her pee on him of course she has a
.  don 't forget it can happen to anyone at any age .
in real life today in paris 
that s why i was asking . this tweet has nothing to do with me too .
sexually harassed ? it s problem  .   -
started in high school and did not end there .
this is an odd cycle for to feature a male rape victim but .  kudos ?
alt title : ambulance chasing attorney under two bar investigations jumps on the fee train . 
it has been more subtle and disorienting than what he described . some experiences left me speechless and silent for years .
those are public s . there are many more silent ones too .
trains & buses are ground zero for .  incidents highlighted by prof anastasia lou kaitou  - sider is :
now on author of catheters slurs and pick up lines talks
having lunch with the momster i haven  t finished telling her about before she says  me too . more than once . 
it was our pleasure . keep up the good fight . 
my friend . and hear our voices now .
i thought he was a friend and that i was safe around him .
thank you i believe you and stand with you . 
this is why i cried when not my president was elected . no more . she was warned and yet she persisted resist .
will affect my relationships forever
: drunk in sevilla the night of  / sober in sevilla the morning of april 
it can t be just me i am triggered ! furious ! in tears ! who the f supports
woody allen married his daughter and is still unsure about the whole idea .  
good tweet from the girl scouts 
of transgender people have been sexually assaulted .
being trauma  - informed and inclusive are tenets of our product philosophy . here  s an excerpt from the interview i gave on 
danielle p let ka doesn t like the movement & was vocal about it on like her don 't get it & r apart of the problem
thanks for being brave enough not to delete that tweet 
i thought about this too . it  s so sad . but true .
i  m a jesuit . how should i respond to toxic masculinity and 
i  m a jesuit . how should i respond to toxic masculinity and
. i  m a jesuit . how should i respond to toxic masculinity and  >
to all the survivors : we see you . we celebrate you . we love you .
my sisters were ( in  ) and continue to be badasses . taking off my pants
of my two serious abusers one is dead and the other is winning awards .
please read and share this . 
state and national resources : 
still brings tears to my eyes .
intentionally not wearing tight clothe out to avoid confrontation and unwanted gazes .
ky lawmakers allegedly settled a claim . the governor wants them to resign . 
don 't really want to talk about it but
can t be the end of it . keep talking . my latest for 
retweeted adriana ( until there are consequences for these assaults it will never end & .
i was molested when i was  . not sure what i was was wearing would have prevented it .
musicans union is holding drop in sessions for anyone affected by and 
in case you were wondering this is how it s done .
russian media refuses to believe tatiana guts u when she says she was raped  via
one day i  ll feel brave enough
it doesn t matter what you re wearing who you are where you re from .  no one is asking for it .
elevates harvey weinstein conversation
putting this here for all the beauty contestants dumb donald eal ked in on when they were dressing
why the hashtag ? because many of these have been brutalized and sexually assaulted on their journey to
strong & important words on 
please read through this hashtag .
a reflection on tori amos amanda palmer and arthur miller in the age of harvey weinstein and 
a nice lia to rp glass  - door cabinet from ikea works well . 
] .  [ to prevent me ] from calling  [ he dbp said . ] i realized i had concussion
sad when is left behind on facts 
isn  t talking about child sex trafficking ?  - >  - >  - > 
a must read  - all the other harvey weinstein s  -  via
speak it up ! we are all together you  reply not alone
when creates lies of my president you do it to & my  failed brain s hunts . yaul also never sent
woody  s choices broke my i so appreciated his humor & talent . strip honors based on sun y i . dylan  s claims are n't proven .
because i thought the world was better than this
of people have been sexually harassed .
if all the people who have been sexually harassed or  
. . . in case you re wondering what it means .
over simplification . but yeah . stop making this a hilary scandal .
thank you for your support to the campaign !
the latest the daily social ! 
it s not your age . it s not your gender . it s not your clothing . it s not your sobriety . it s not your location . it s not your fault .
you are not alone and your voice should not go unheard .
records errors in agencies like policing child protections may have little to do with real formal records .
you better not tell anyone because no one will believe you . 
utterly heartbreaking . every . single . tweet .
we are so much more than the bad things that happen to us .
then a year or two later  boys from the neighborhood took me into a vacant house in the neighborhood .
the movement is awesome . the editor in me wishes it was the too movement .
to survivors everywhere whether you said or didn t : i see you i believe you and i am
unwanted contact doesn  t have to be physical
read tybee daily news  
toxic masculinity : traumatic reactions 
the latest brave new [ world ! 
we adore this collaboration between former vp and star to address
let this sink in : more than  are publicly supporting alleged 
i am more than just a pretty face and a piece of me at .
unfortunately only a small fraction of the s in my timelines have even hinted at anything like that happening
~ martellus .  is  pretty sure  he  s done with 
for those struggling with the size of stats from crown prosecution service
i never thought that it could happen to me until it did . let  s put a stop to it together . 
 louis ck was my cultural crush  :  ( 
opinion : what actress reveals about
later on in my life i became the ultimate victim . so i hear you all .
annabella sci orra says harvey weinstein violently raped her 
i was a minor . he kept following me around suggesting i should try fingering myself . the authorities did sweet fa . tm
if all of us who have been damaged and hurt and who have despised ourselves for our own vulnerability rise up we will be a force
half million in  hours wow 
i was squinting into the sun when an old man told me i d be prettier if i smiled
new england wants to ditch daylight savings . fuck that antiquated horse shit
sure hope malia didn  t have a moment .
deplorable is an appropriate tag line for you
let  s be clear : your hand does not belong on my ass
typing   mistake : who glued to our gallery seats in this courtroom of horrors perhaps should say who are glued to our gallery seats in this courtroom of horrors ? hits it s next stage 
the relevance of mous nda s and unity covenants in understanding and anticipating related pending risk . 
good points all . blythe danner and martha plimpton on harvey weinstein
voices : how the church  and me too  should respond to
thanks for your words and your courage .
iona is a most reasonable captain obvious in a ocean of moral panic . keep up the good work
i hope we are finally reaching a tipping point . because we can all say
on that topic all s quite on the front .
. and one that s not mine on the secondary trauma some of us may be experiencing seeing flooding our tls . 
this gubernatorial forum is bringing tears to my eyes .
enough said . i stand and support all victims .
on minimization as a patriarchal reflex : a surprisingly profound read ! ( the male culture target of
all this me too campaign is i don't know .  some people is just overreacting
new  york  city  . he spoke to me on the corner of  4  9 th and broadway . 
he s still a professor . i was discouraged from complaining for repercussions to my career . i complained anyway .
i have friends that believe because i  m a male i should have enjoyed it .
you re not alone were all in this together . well change things .
i never want to have to see my attacker at work again .
africa : ivorian artist puts a twist on  - she says it with her hair  -
ivorian artist puts a twist on  - she says it with her hair : 
ivorian artist puts a twist on she says it with her hair via
there s a lot for me to learn and absorb from this list .
we see you on social media using the we  you !
the latest young s barber shop daily ! 
please start to hear us
i thought he was my friend . i have never been more wrong .
the first time i was sexually harassed i was only  .
the paradigm is changing . abusers beware ! reveals ~ betting on johnny knoxville 
because being drunk shouldn  t be an excuse for being a pig
the advocate mag : alexandra billings talks and
the latest caregiving today !  thanks to
] after i crawled up the stairs dragging my broken leg dbp remained in apt slept in same bed to prevent
have been waiting ever since anita hills testimony for this discussion of
the latest the flash news world update ! 
the latest cwr world news !
the latest rick s us & world news update ! 
what does the facebook status mean ? 
because i was too scared to say no for fear of what would happen
i you so much for this . i mean i loved you hello but seriously .
carrie fisher was one bad mother   fucker and that is the ultimate compliment . this ish needs to end . 
as usual great thanks for your words 
by a visiting priest when i was an altar server aged  . by my ex for a year  - the latter as self  - flagellation for the former .
this woman sexually  assaulted me
this thread and all of the replies is the best response to ever . 
truer words are hard to find 
community gathering set for sunday in monrovia
best response to is pledging and taking action says vancouver writer 
i purchased mine . now it  s your turn . be kind to one another .
a little late because i wasn  t sure if my experiences  counted  but now i am .
california s attempt to reject betsy devos s title ix overhaul & zombie frapps
my heart is heavy seeing all of the posts .
seeing all the posts made me ask
i know instant  message fed up with it !
the latest being entrepreneur daily post ! 
i never thought i  d ever be brave enough in my life to say this but
the haunted dolls house a triptych that open ( + details of the rooms )  4  6 x67 charcoal & pencil on paper
the silence is the enemy . join us to the heard  through
not by  - a phrase many everywhere can relate to have lived through or #
to my fellow sisters : we are here for each other . if you have no one else to turn to i am here for you .
on heels of the dean kept tenured professor who was found guilty of 
on heels of the dean kept tenured professor who was found guilty of
for all those brave girls who could or could not post about 
it s not what you wear . it s not your looks . it s not how you act .
name it shame it call it out !
this too about .  check out my web log at
we have the chance to create an environment in our colleges and universities where instead of we say
for  your  information account from mo ryan variety television writer 
sexually harassed and assaulted : if every woma who has been sexually harassed or assaulted could .
me too . have you been sexually assaulted or harassed ?
me too . denial  of  normal  t be the problem . 
i voted !  china made hats & bold  - faced lies !  
when someone says i believe you how does that make you feel ?
. chair laura paris i will be on today at  to talk about the hashtag
this is disturbing and frightening but we will not be silenced ! education 
this thread has to be seen to be believed . kudos to 
shocked and desperately saddened at how unheard un helped and disbelieved we were . so many of us .
is there any woman who hasn t been sexually harassed at a minimum ?
and left me as a she ll of my former self . after being 
yes let s keep the conversation going ! 
so hard and important to hear . 
every job . every school . it  s not okay
i was physically hit on by a famous architect
your advertising relationship with is consensual .  while other advertisers say goodbye maybe you should consider
your relationship with is consensual .  as others drop their ads maybe you should consider
very moved by all of the private messages . =
will games with make similar impact to how & kicked off matters !
not shocked by the scale of but awed by the bravery .
can  t wait to discuss with in la . 
your bravery has set many a captive free .
isn  t alabama tired of this bullshit yet ? 
it s a hard conversation but an important one .
i can t remember when it started . i might have been as young as  or  . it continued into my teens .
i am  now . i often don 't leave the house for the same reason still .
aftershocks instant  message a wanderer traversing mountains of time by via
has not been held accountable for his actions .  why not ?  
: circus circus (  once all of our things were put away in our .
: circus circus (  once all of our things were put away in .
it s so hard . keep chipping away . one after another .
i denial  of  normal  t say anything because if i did no one would believe me
we went for lunch in dc and when the bill came he disappeared to the bathroom like i was
our founder and chief scientific officer dr . karin lach mi highlights how can be a catalyst towards .
is not  you despicable human being . nice try though . 
you must listen : as heard on tonight 
nbc and msnbc cut mark halperin loose  via
hi can all the marijuana assaulter s reveal their identities on !
my phone consistently suggests dude after creepy
are you a ? take your power back and
me too . normally i don 't share this but now i see that s the problem .
= what & were hoping to trigger . kuddos to these game changers . 
the latest karlyn per cils love news ! 
charter google at & t transparent online political spending and more in this weeks rewind !
yep . shall i review some highlights ?  /
sooner or later you ll let me . don 't be so uptight . well have fun . i ll wear you down eventually . .  why are you crying ?
wow : uma thurman will speek when she is not angry anymore .  be prepared ! 
a voice that needs to be heard by all .  
protect the kids  - not the abusers
crowds starting to gather across from city hall in downtown louisville for rally .
thanks for the help . i love you  
an important part of the conversation  - no institution is immune . 
so proud of those posting no means no !
- every woman i know has stories .
by current tech ceo in
lean on your friends tell someone
for  your  information calls  i m edt resignation el ctd off cls w / set lmn t  1  6 x =
we are in the millions . we are strong . our voices will be heard !
i have been there and i will stand with you . i will believe you . i will love you .
the latest the daily warde !  thanks to
the latest the ps  daily !  thanks to
the latest the daily lerd !  thanks to
the latest the daily !  thanks to
the latest the vieques bound daily !  thanks to
the latest the para junkee daily !  thanks to
the latest the a lt gov daily !  thanks to
the latest the fred shively daily !  thanks to
the latest the mustard  - seeds daily  thanks to
the latest the daily diva !  thanks to
the latest nurses daily !  thanks to
the latest the earl pat daily !  thanks to
the latest the g  -   daily !  thanks to
the latest the steve findley daily !  thanks to
the latest the dr . ronnie joyner daily !  thanks to
the latest the raj daily !  thanks to
the latest the mike balles daily rag !  thanks to
the latest the candace stowers daily !  thanks to
the latest the map  - lab architects daily !  thanks to
the latest sunny megatron daily !  thanks to
the latest the daily spectator !  thanks to
the latest the additi yom daily !  thanks to
the latest the danielle rick s daily !  thanks to
the latest the bst at daily !  thanks to
the latest the chad mai rn daily !  thanks to
the latest the andrew daily !  thanks to rocky mtn savings voting in depend gamerretweeters
the latest the fiona mulliner daily !  thanks to
the latest the heath howard daily !  thanks to
the latest the alan fisher daily !  thanks to
the latest the shem penny daily !  thanks to
the latest the rosa nwo daily !  thanks to
the latest the jennifer streaks daily !  thanks to
the latest the gdpr daily !  thanks to
the latest the  rings fitness daily !  thanks to
we stand with you . we believe you . we support you . 
this a year old but it seemed right to repost today . aren t immune . 
breaking : first nationwide reporting system for launched by
i was very young / not sure what to say or do / so remained silent  years
i still  ( all these years later ) regret not completing my intended double major & only  minoring in that field . all because of him .
the latest the news daily ! 
the latest joe s daily news ! 
the latest the andrey novikov daily news ! 
every woman i know has a story . and
sadly not surprised by the number of others .
and it almost ruined one of my favorite places but i chose not to let it
local advocacy groups discuss impact of 
and my mom and my sister  - in  - law too !
head over to to for our web log
indeed interesting seminar on the legal implications of by one of my esteemed networking partners la 
your daily news from christopher hyde is here !  thanks to
on the bus in eighth grade . no one did anything when i yelled . even though it was on video he was never punished .
memory no .  . a originally published on yellow chair review . this has to end .
instant  message not a woman but
and i vs my employer personnel it tech severe harm me
creep on the subway . he fled when i whipped around about to knock his block off . still furious years later .
when a guy on your facebook posts .  deleted
i worked in politics for  years . you can only imagine how commonplace it was .
bill clinton the elephant in the room .
these mutants are everywhere . every one of them is someone s relative . it s obscene . may the survivors recover & regain their power
so now james woods being named .
yes just the beginning of now not just a tidal wave but a tsunami . let s expose & wipe out the preying bastards .
will make a difference ? the n & operating   system speaks out .
reviewing draft bylaws for local group . directors are referred to as he members as throughout .
have you all seen the that is trending . check it out .
power of social media 
statistically lies blatantly used to push a divisive narrative . yay socialism
heather unruh vs kevin stacy .  the revolution is beginning 
recording a new video on and libertarian views on consent with & stay tuned
at the social media workshop ! come on support
yep with this & the non monogamy ker fluffle should recognize her limitations . maybe sit some topics out . 
these fools don 't realized how forever changed you are by it .
a must read . we are all implicated in the post  - weinstein reckoning  via
cried the village as they led the witch to the stake !
sex slave from   -  in daycare raped at  &  years ago
the latest movers and shakers news !  thanks to
right . but alone isn t going to do anything .
who track emerging risks in los angeles 
why don 't you come to homecoming t ressie ! oh my  god you so bougie . or yeah .
i  m so scared to be an object again and then i realize i  ve always been human .
price 4 olympic medals ; exploited violated dehumanized but had to smile . by
because we walk free in only some ways .
retweeted mister grinch ( on my own behalf : on my husbands behalf : bad people .
becoming more apparent spectrum risk management an issue in 
becoming more apparent spectrum risk management is an issue in 
it s becoming more apparent spectrum risk management is an issue in 
to heather lind : sweetie in  years maybe  ghwb will be remembered as a great man you will be remembered as an attention whore
we now know the difference between boy gender being boy gender & boy gender being perps
news flash : if you are an ally centering yourself in the campaign you are not an ally . full stop .
word for word ! women are  brave enough to be angry 
women deserve more . we all deserve more . if you believe that then you believe in this . what we need is that belief .
and there are those men who just use words to belittle women . those words and remarks are often the beginning
her daughter  s  otherness  shouldn  t suddenly illuminate systems of oppression much like shouldn  t suddenly make rape bad .
keeping secrets is so lonely . but as the woman you are blamed if you tell and blamed if you don 't .
why the campaign has been so impactful :   - via : lolly daskal rt lolly daskal
why the campaign has been so impactful by lolly daskal  rt lolly daskal
what if everyone responsible for the posted and everyone who stood by while it happened posted
what can we do about teach about bystander intervention and sexual violence in every course . every . course .
is this a criticism of the whole concept he says it s a difference to give compliment to someone . take someone on your knees and rap someone
may just be paraphrasing but the top threat to women is men . top threat to men ? heart disease . or for mras .
i like how he makes it a  jumping on bandwagon  almost a issue :  perhaps because they felt peer pressure to join the bandwagon  
it  s time men stood up . because we are tired . because the womxn is blamed . it  s time for men to say 
alyssa _ milano . alyssa _ milano says enables women to say no more .  we are going   to be vocal about this until i  
it doesn t matter whether you tweet in  character or  character your thinking will show your original character .
today in my geometry class i talked about we did math first and then we talked about life .
men to women women to men men to men women to women . there are many kinds of assault . let s be better together .
say no  balloons  - please don 't release balloons . balloons bad  4 wild animals . balloons bad  4 sea animals . balloons bad  4 environment
the list of is endless sad and infuriating . instant  message on the list me too .
boys will be boys needs to be boys will be responsible for their actions
message to men : if you see something say something by guest via
gentlemen ! what were you thinking ?  : nice weather today nancy !  : nancy . s*ck  my d*ck  b*tch  more than just a tweek
the best is the best we can do at times . other times the best is a break or a breather or a high five .
watching and thinking how appropriate for it was classroom appropriate with all the accurate hort talk
we though many are one body in christ individually members of it .  cor the body of christ has been sexually assaulted
when a friendly pat on the shoulder means way more than just a friendly pat on the shoulder .
oops  - i thought this might be about a power pose where someone in power was defending those not in power e . g . but alas .  
new viral hashtag in response to the viral campaign 
 all i know is that i can  t sit back and let this continue let him continue without the mask being removed .  
the narrative told by is so important  - but also important to remember that it s an incomplete narrative
very powerful article . yes this is a witch hunt . i  m a witch and i  m hunting you . via 
we are the top t render ! thank you everyone . that was amazing . you are all amazing !  
i want this generation to be the last generation that can say i want that so badly . you should too . we got   to do better .
i didn t know about this movement before but i fully support it . no is no this should be a lesson all must learn .
 silent or not activist or not we are worthy and we will be just as worthy when stops trending . 
ha ! good hashtag . but it s more like followed the which followed expose
female victims of war are the victims of sexual harassment ! with .
i was  he was  . he told me i would get in trouble if i told anyone . other than my husband i told no one until i was in my  5  0 s .
get uncomfortable with the founder of the uncomfortable conversation at
man with city ; man with tank ; man with shadow ; man with mom ; man with child ; man with money ; man with car ; man at bar ; man in a boat
your pretty blond hair is why i hired you was the beginning & the end . i chopped the hair off the next day .
one feels sticky with complicity even where a complete lack of complicity is the point .
there is a new and badly needed campaign  - badly needed in ireland has unleashed a serious racist culture
catcalling wolf  - whistling comments about my body comments about what i can do for you = harassment .
that anything i  have been through & anything i  have thought or felt others have been through & thought & felt too . i want you to know
we should always love to give credit where credit is due . 
type delete type delete . for those who are staying silent i still support you because
well what  the  fuck . why even admit that . so useless . ugh ugh so tired . i just can t with all this etc etc etc 
men have brushed against my breasts . men have grabbed my waist . men have rubbed my shoulders . men have cornered me .
with lolly daskal executive leadership coach via youtube cheddar rt lolly daskal
ivorian artist says with her hair  - a   - year  - old artist in ivory coast has found an eye  - catching new wa .
rt jesse lyn stoner : from lolly daskal why the campaign has been so impactful  rt lolly daskal
also for every you see assume there s at least one not sharing . at least .
to transform the conditions of sexual violence we must not rely on violence of incarceration . going beyond 
women in legislature say  - legislation for sexual favors harassment more . societal shift ? 
the casting couch is as old as the movie business . there s an equivalent in every business . it s all about power .
  great song and video maw ule  - it s not you via related song
standing is a sign of strength . kneeling is a sign of submission . i will stand .
some of my stories are faceless . some are not . wishing more men in leadership participated with us yesterday and stood in support .
releases plan to combat sexual assault and harassment says she is 
.  we can be better humans we need to be better humans because affects all of us ! we have to end in all it s forms !
remember to give credit where credit is due . 
i hate that you still have the power to make me hate things simply because they have connections to you .
there  s a lot of power in the campaign . but there  s also a lot of pain .
how about we talk about how many men raped women last year instead of how many women were raped ?
being fat made it hard being black made it hard being young made it hard being silent made it hard & it didn t have to
confidence self voice and spirit were broken down bit by bit
open your eyes open your ears to see and hear .
[ pdf ] incest : a chilling report lear s incest : a chilling report : children offenders courts recovery by heidi vanderbilt ; lear pub (  ) why men do it : a pioneering study   
[ pdf ] incest : a chilling report lear s incest : a chilling report : children offenders courts recovery by heidi vanderbilt ; lear pub (  ) why men do it : a pioneering study 
[ pdf ] incest : a chilling report lear s incest : a chilling report : children offenders courts recovery by heidi vanderbilt ; lear pub (  ) why men do it : a pioneering study  
no credible witness no crime no crime no prosecution  let s do a show on for disabled children .
first session of focusing on the movement and the importance of men honoring women  -  - not defrauding them .
and with many others with our collective acknowledgement our collective survival the sun will rise on another day
she forgot the server was unprotected the email was on it that huma also had her email that bill did a to monica just forgetful
me too . also if this trend is the first time you  reply realizing there  s a problem you haven  t been listening .
i was harassed while wearing a business suit . what was i supposed to be wearing ?
sexual harassment : why the campaign has been so impactful :   - via :
human rights are women s rights and women s rights are human rights once and for all .  hillary clinton
fire now ! women are sick and tired of all double standards . these punks work for
each time a woman stands up for herself without knowing it possibly without claiming it she stands up for all women  - maya angelou
corey feldman it just seems wrong for you to make this movie without corey ha i m and asking fans for money you make more on royalties than most fans make in a year do a documentary instead of a movie
what if all the were rt with sure sometimes me isn t she . sometimes persisting doesn t happen .
online dating profiles : man with baby ; man with mirror ; man with trophy ; man with beer ; man near water ; man in suit ; man with woman .
for all those impacted by sexual violence domestic violence and stalking : remember it is not your .
so honored to be with these incredible and loving advocates for houston women and men
university of minnesota revises sexual harassment policies and conduct code
oregon legislature plans to hire consultant to review sexual harassment policies
producer at  the root  accuses john singleton and jesse jackson of sexual harassment  via
experts on say culture change will require men work to change it
me too hashtag highlighting scope of sexual harassment
me too hashtag highlighting scope of sexual harassment 
i was subjected to sexual harassment and anti  - semitism at the in the in pleasanton ca .
have you seen the campaign ? i  ve not seen any women claiming to be attack e by other women .
but there is healing in christ . here is one great place to start your journey of healing :  
a4 : yes all of the above ! by not ignoring sexual harassment & normalizing it through our ads movies media
it matters . god how i miss adults who realize how we treat each other matters .
third woman accuses jeremy piven of sexual assault  via
most women defined it as something unspoken private something to be ashamed of 
proves once more that sexual harassment is pervasive . explores what we can to do to stop it :
any culture anywhere that says boys will be boys  is saying girls will be garbage .  -
do you support and are friends with him ? he is a proven sexual assaulter . denounce him and your support for him .
this needs to be said . i have my stories and there s something that needs addressing here . 
credit where credit is due : i salute you and send you love .
my butt and the rest is from me . women and men
i discussed with young adults who acknowledged they wouldn t know what to do if friends shared . we have much to teach .
thank you for your bravery . thank you for your strength . thank you for your courage .
indeed let  s not make this a eurocentric debate : sexism and sexual harassment must end  - everywhere 
instant  message realizing that i can t handle this conversation on top of me too . to be continued ?
it  s not just one monster .  me too  reveals the ubiquity of sexual assault 
it  s not just one monster . reveals the ubiquity of sexual assault  -
sexual harassment is bullying  - discover how be the change in our own organizations
black women know first . black women act first . 
undercurrents which follow push may not follow your intuitive beliefs of risk for victims . 
this is a update from the mother of our god daughter : i had just picked up my daughter from school last .
at fidelity new fallout from claims of sexual harassment bullying 
royal court to host events confronting sexual harassment in theatre 
in this time of sexual harassment and how is this appropriate ?
what do you say if a man is referred to at work by women catcalling to him of  who s that sexy man ?
timely response from rabbi ethan wit kov sky on sexual harassment . via
what men can do for in this epidemic of sexual harassment  - insights from scholar
yeah and he wasn t in a wheelchair at the time so to all the folks using that as an excuse yeah no . 
sexual harassment from the guy in his ca my are   you the mal the clu the the poop his bik the beach .
telling men to hush their women . fu*k  that sh*t  ! asshole !
sexual assault and mental health 
sexual assault and mental health  -
sexual discrimination and harassment still occur in the clinical workplace 
let us stand up for those who have been subject of sexual harassment .
imagine having to fear taking cabs walking into grocery stores or just walking on the road .
 when black girl magic becomes black girl tragic  joy bryant shares the story that re su .  via
 when black girl magic becomes black girl tragic  joy bryant shares the story that resulted in her birth
. we need an okay way to say not okay . ( thread )
how does this help victims ? where are the victims resources ? where is the protection of victims .
all of the posts & articles are making my sad & making me conflicted about my own experiences .
sarah mcmahon and to va walsh quoted in article from about sexual harassment and
brave !  a testimony of sexual harassment in the water sector via
when i was  and made to feel my fault . my boss when i was a poor college studen the basket ball player for a college . 
my heart breaks for every story shared and not shared .
not surprising . anyone guilty of sexual assault won  t hesitate  pull this stunt 
on air : what  s next in the conversation about sexual assault
national sexual assault telephone hotline   -
could the flood of sexual harassment claims boost efforts to outlaw sextortion ? |
green eyes : eyes are such betrayers of truth by via teacher  watching
men : sexual harassment of is not welcome : 
so true . this was a face  to  face conversation i had with a friend about
congresswoman describes sexual assault in video gen ii out of the bag now .
journalist speaks out on sexual harassment | low v elder 
bjrk details sexual harassment by von trier | iceland review  via
jennifer lawrence and other stars share stories of sexual
lars von trier producer investigated over sexual harassment claims  via
exclusive : speaks out on the sexual harassment she faced only on
tips on preventing & responding to sexual assault while traveling  
this is our . cnn ( on sexual harassment and abuse .
this isn  t a new problem it  s one we keep brushing under the rug because  boys will be boys  and  but what was she wearing 
there never has been and never will be an excuse for sexual harassment or assault .
you are a strong woman a survivor .  never stop .  never give up or give in .
well i am not calling out any one gender . i am calling out people . people who victimize other people . that s it . nothing more . 
on now : midday culture connections w / talking about rape culture & power
i only hope that we won t be so numb to this hash tag and think it is just boys being boys .
i was told i led him on . i was told i was being dramatic . i was told to move on . it was always about my actions . not his .
hope solo accuses sepp blatter of sexual assault via
hope solo accuses sepp blatter of sexual assault at awards ceremony 
when i reported sexual harassment and became the bitch because i was targeting him .
american women : + killed story ! 
me p pina pic i erno : men have to stop thinking that is a women s problem ; it s a problem with men yes yes yes
opens conversation about sexual assault across lowcountry 
when you objectify disrespect and degrade god s creation you are damaging that person & sinning against the holy god !
talking about my traumatic sexual assault 
 the state of sexual harassment in the library by kelly jensen  via 
 the state of sexual harassment in the library  by kelly jensen 
and are a pure indication women still need more protection from abuse .
misogyny and harassment in medicine : a resident doc surveys fellow women in medicine for 
to all survivors out there they hear u we hear u & the world hears u roy price resigns from amazon studios 
a crescendo in the discourse about sexual harassment field work and the academy ii  - bianca c . williams 
a crescendo in the discourse about sexual harassment field work and the academy i  - bianca c . williams 
do you think books like fifty shades of grey can undermine the movement ?  million copies bought by women .
i just published  truth ( my truth ) about sex power and unwelcome encounters  
movement marches on against sexual and 
has shown us how widespread and normalised sexual violence is . most women are victimised as adolescents
q2 : what were some of the concerns that raised among victims of sexual assault ?
prof . sarah lowe weighs in on hashtag & isn t surprised by the number of people participating .
i  m not a woman but my childhood was riddled with sexual assault .
. their grotesque indifference  excellent piece on sexual harassment and
how is it bob is so surprised that sexual harassment is rampant ?
happy halloween : the witches are coming but not for your life . we  reply coming for your legacy . via
africa : challenges taboo against admitting sexual abuse in africa
challenges taboo against admitting sexual abuse in africa |
woman says initiated sexual encounter when she was  he was   - the washington post 
peyton manning the sexual assaulter . people seem to ignore and condone this
france considers fines for catcalls as women speak out on harassment
how the movement is destroying  normal  relationships & sexual intimacy 
ajenglish : are you participating in the campaign ? share why you re doing it in a short video for whatsapp us at +   
ajenglish : are you participating in the campaign ? share why you re doing it in a short video for 
ha ! not suing duh asshole .  more women shared their stories since . 
( is to remind myself it s not my fault ) this is also for other women to know that they are not .
w . h . reiterates claims that all  of his sexual harassment accusers lied ?
with & sexual assault exposure these are places you can turn : & 
this is just one of my stories : this is what sexual harassment looked like in  
sexual harassment : at work link :
theatre figures co  - sign statement decrying sexual harassment 
how is highlighting the scale of sexual abuse . by 
coronation street actor bruno langley charged with sexual assault 
bravo to and other courageous women sparking the movement .
i was raped when i was  years old . am i suppose to post also ? i never asked to be raped
quest on cnn everyone needs to watch this now  just watch 
the movement has sparked the movement . interesting researching the foundations of this  year old movement . 
woman survives and reports sexual assault at
bringing light to the gravity of sexual harassment is radical .
to the & being accused of using sexual harassment as another  card  to play
. edited version of louis c . k . s apology is how an authentic apology should be written .
celebrating  year anniversary  ! empowered girls = empowered women . get tickets today :
to all the voices that need to be heard .  and the voices that need to stand with them .  
to all the women i know & don 't know who are saying i believe you .
 women are expected to testify time and again  on the trend
if you  reply participating in the conversation  or even just trying to make sense of it  this can help .
even in antarctica women have to deal with sexual harassment
being in a relationship isn t automatic consent . stop means stop . no means no . you are not alone .
lady gaga joe biden planning centers for sexual assault survivors 
opinion : how to address sexual assault
buried it . added seeds to the soil hoping flowers would bloom . sometimes they did and sometimes i got to smell the roses .
 it  s time . women have re sounded their cri de coeur . listen .  
it happens when you re  . it happens when you re  . it s about male power . it s humiliating . it can be terrifying .
here s why some women chose not to post their stories 
why men force women to watch them masturbate :  via
and almost all of my close female friends almost all of my not  - so  - close female friend & many of my not  - female friends .
this is me at  when it began and  when it ended .  no  year old man was ever a good idea and none ever was !
doesn t it make you wonder why sweden dropped sexual assault charges ? 
diversion of women s energies to avoid abuse has derailed so many careers . it is a femi cide of talent .
too many people stand back when they should stand up . applies in so many areas .
for years both men & women have enabled sexual predation via self  - serving dishonest rhetoric : 
. talks with about how empowers women to speak out on harassment :
sexual abuse : trends on twitter
science research & medicine are wrought same disgraceful ness against women . 
where do men fit in conversations about sexual violence ? 
the hurt of one woman is the hurt of all women the honor of one woman is the honor of all women .
the best intentions of so many participating  is everything that  s wrong with social media .
france : complaint lodged against islamist thinker tariq ramadan on charge of committing sexual aggression 
the women s resource center in speaks out about the movement .
there is no excuse for sexual harassment . this is for a friend .
me too . sexual harassment and sexual assault affect too many of us .
the campaign has reached women across the country . even in my rural hometown in western 
i am not even sure what to say about this tweet are you accusing him or saying not sure .
curious if there will be a sexual harassment or question in this interview .  
cheers to all the women so bravely sharing their stories .
sexual harassment of librarians is a daily event . here are many examples : 
thank you for giving me the opportunity to say last year  - and inspire other women 
ways to turn the tide on sexual harassment 
- women need to be not just part of the debate but shaping it .  
it can t be a women s movement it has to be a cultural change .
cape call of  duty women confront barnstable county commissioners criticism 
breaks conspiracy of silence on sexual harassment but is that enough on y . 
men if you been victimised by women and the justice system
more than  people describe sexual harassment in congress 
women sharing their stories anonymously via their stories are heartbreaking . 
let s stop the sexual exploitation of girls who can t speak out .
sending & to all women ( and men [ and non  - binary ] ) who ve shared their ( + those who haven t ) .
how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse
so now what do we do about it ? how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse 
how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse  -
how is exposing the scale of sexual abuse  -  - >
how is exposing the scale of sexual abuse
from to  - the curious role of in creating a new around sexual abuse .  our next paper
it takes just one sexual assault to validate a and the same amount to invalidate a the scope of the two aren t comparable .
turning the titanic : the sexual epidemic that must end & i speak w / about & more 
years ol tongue down my thro a life changed foreve women .
now : have you ever questioned if you ve been predatory towards women ? then to change normalised behaviour
in  case you missed  it award  - winning on sexual assault & immigrant farm wrks 
5 ky + civilisation has not rid us of of power & sexual exploitation of vulnerable is it the
from to why men play a role in battling harassment . by
 how me too is showing the magnitude of sexual assault  
reporting workplace sexual harassment #
sexual harassment in the workplace : a mezzo  - soprano speaks out
showrunner mark sch wahn the latest salacious sexual harasser ?
reminder : sexual harassment doesn t belong in the house of labor or at 
so rupert lachlan & james aided & abetted sexual harassment for personal profit ! any accountability ? 
i  m a sexual assault survivor . is incredibly isolating . 
makes trust a near impossibility but learning it can be possible . may you learn to trust again too .
rachel maddow andrea mitchell discuss weinstein and women in journalism  via 
we cover and many others out against sexual harassment
fantastic daily today about sexual harrass er & intersection
kentucky you have almost  rape victims waiting for you to process forensic evidence ! 
maryland you have   rape victims waiting for you to process forensic evidence ! 
oregon you have almost   rape victims waiting for you to process forensic evidence ! 
indiana you have over   rape victims waiting for you to process their forensic evidence . 
excuse though with these numbers it cannot only be women ? movement :  via
it  s not our fault and we are not alone .  boys will be boys  isn  t acceptable .
on behalf of the  adolescent girls we served last year and  women on our staff : me too .
why are the women angry about men posting
acknowledgement of the male leaders who build healthy environments for women ( and anyone ) to thrive  - blogs 
christina neps tad : my sexual assault story and what i  ve learned . 
. is on a mission to empower women within hollywood  -  - and outside of it . via
french women s equivalent of the hashtag is loosely translated as squeal on your pig
 as we women climb the ladder in medicine we need to clean it . we should point out the dirt loudly and deliberately  
too all the women out there i stand with you your awesome and strong
ap : rt ap east region : in revelation lawmaker says higher  - ranking legislator told her sexual favors would he  
women daily news est en ligne ! 
iowa you have over   rape victims waiting for forensic evidence to be processed in their cases ! 
what does it take to stop widespread sexual harassment ? 
how could move from social campaign to social change 
how could move from social campaign to social change
how could move from social campaign to social change :
the girls and women who can t say and the struggle to survive 
they asked if i was a virgin .  yes .  asked if i  d ever had oral sex .  no .  i was humiliated intimidated shamed and stunned silent .
new post . new alternative review . on htgawm s annalise keating and sexual abuse and 
yet people wondered why women marched . had the ignorant & insulting gall to say it was about free stuff .
the followed campaign is for men and women .
it s still hard for me to tell my story when i am ready i will tell it . but for now i will just say
and frankly that s okay . it s not time for me to share my story  -  - whether it s my story or my story . it s not time yet . and * that is okay . *
= the times it was glaring sickening dehumanizing & a long long list for times it was subtle sickening dehumanizing
women worldwide stand up to sexism 
must be taken seriously . must be taken seriously  rt lolly daskal
california over   rape victims are waiting for their forensic evidence to be processed !  
on being victim of sexual harassment gropes & attempted assaults
thrilled to share my new essay for about sexual violence & how it s linked to + prejudice
we stand in solidarity with women across the globe .
now even some of the most powerful women in government are saying
floods with stories of harassment and assault  - ( via
at this point i think i can safely say it would have been more efficient to assume almost all women say and let the  say not me .
and r engaged ! it is ! from al will b n the ! unfortunately  or more women r scarred  life !
you both r always honoring women sports and politics . thank u for
we talked to women about their personal stories
if there was a universal basic income would those being pressured into sexual acts at work be more empowered to say no ?
 some of our most popular and favourite songs by men are really covering up a story .  
women in political life say here  s how harassment and 
across the pond has parliament in a tail spin . warrior women we are changing the world .
the timeline filled with how much louder do women have to yell to be heard .
i  have never met a woman who doesn t have a story . neither has any woman i know . that s why this snowballed . she s not exaggerating .
the most dangerous cities for women . lima mexico dumb fuck 
and the majority of women in my family . it s almost normal . and that s messed up .
nrc column : the public sector may be safer for women & minorities because of it s greater transparency & commitment to serving others
no one can change a person but someone can be the reason for a person to change .
west virginia you have   rape victims waiting for forensic evidence to be processed ! 
i hear lots of women  s stories and have my own
a really good really brave piece by 
me too : academia has it s fair share of sexual predators
me too : academia has it s fair share of sexual predators  - 
of course . so many white men obsessively and sneakily inflicting their will on women . 
she is a lady i  ve emulated for years . congratulations to you both & thank you for being a voice for women everywhere .
3 novices : cal thomas : my daughter and granddaughter too i asked my adult daughter and oldest granddaughter 
sexual harassment in politics and the problem with mocking 
first when a guy flashed me on the mkt trail then when a guy thought it was okay to grab my leg on a plane and say he was dreaming
if the truth doesn t come out i don 't think anything will change .  these things have to change . 
when they say kitchens are dominated by men they mean women have no re course . me too .
montclair u . prof . : yeah here s what we should do about sexual harassment | opinion
though i do have my own stories instant  message not capable of sharing them . but instant  message in awe of those who can
more men are raped in the us than women via just as disgusting
of course me too .  and that s why i say no to songs movies lyrics videos jokes which objectify women . do you ?
this replicates the exact dynamic abusers depend on where certain women don 't get the lists so it s not it s you
houston is in hotline calls in thanks . thanks is in the u . s . know how to stop it .
i love the movement ! speak up speak out you re a survivor .
reveals most women have been sexually harassed
i pray that one day women won t have to go through what i did .
is a bullie also . making fun of while bullying women 
victims of other kinds of trauma can also suffer from post  - traumatic  - stress  - disorder ( and often do without realizing it . 
at a young age made me destroy my own life at a young age couldn t trust nobody
to now what ?  actions that could actually help stop sexual harassment
from to now what ?  actions that could help stop sexual harassment via
& women are  of the population in a nation of oh say  million ? so there s still about another  mln who could yet tweet
i graduated from harvard . i  ve experienced sexual harassment . none of us are free from this . 
will only be successful if we  -  - women & lifelong feminists  -  - are honest with ourselves & the public . 
this makes me nauseous . women have heard the same excuses blames rhetoric etc . for years . it s never stopped .
does show how many have been assaulted but does not show how many have been assaulted multiple times nor pathetic conviction rates
wow . thank you for sharing . i am amazed at how many stories are out there . thank you for sharing yours . 
since  an estimated  million american women have been victims of attempted or completed rape . ( rainn )
look if you can we can it . eradicate mental physical & sexual it s all
publicly apologized in case :  women have come fw w / their stories of rap 
no excuse  backlog ! the system must be run by a bunch of misogynists ! run the tests = catch rapists & less 
oxfam says it has sacked  staff in a year over sexual abuse allegations 
instead of french women say out your pig : parallels : npr 
now many women may come up with suddenly awaken by the earth  - shake of feminism
 behaviors around sexual harassment aren  t happening in a vacuum in the workplace  
these women victims say trump is lying
black women have always been at the forefront of the revolution thank you for your leadership and strategy around
women have contacted me a a  - what does this say about our society ? i applaud you for being our advocate 
when women are not believed for their stories they are being disrespected and denigrated twice
i have been inappropriately groped and violated by women too .
re read . sexual harassment claims could have sunk casey affleck . instead he soared 
sexual assault by a boyfriend . no means no .
most shared : a law degree doesn  t insulate you from sexual harassment ( by
women in india are also saying reports :
women in india are also saying reports
retweeted jstor ( if you  reply participating in the conversation  or even just trying to make sense .
say no to harassment .  but we need to stop people from using for their mean purposes . people like
| two women take on trolls who made fun of read :
hundreds of women say after amity addr isis personal story
reading about intimate partner sexual violence .
sexual harassment must no longer b the price of admission thank   you
these  spaces are supporting women in the wake of
because i didn  t understand what autonomy was in regards to my romantic and sexual relationships . because i was afraid of losing them .
cw : assault sexual assault is real and no one deserves it
has strongly proved that the pain of black women is constantly delegitimize d .
thanks for pointing this out kari . all women can say me too but not all men are abusers .
or .  black women deserved to be believed when they say
women hawking beauty products  - stop . you knew about try to sell youth .
moore is a p  - i  - g pig . i believe the women .
why is this difficult to accept ? because only non  - republicans are sexual deviants ?
have been reading this post all day .  i wasn t going to post myself .  because of you all
because it is extremely important also all men should share this now :
if for no other segment ) tune in tomorrow for this . it s gripping emotional and too many women s realities 
ouais  let  s put the on us on the aggressors instead of french women say out your pig
and harvey weinstein reveal these truths about sexual 
sadly certain women would mention in regard to walcott .
sexual & is unacceptable . unsustainable . dehumanizing . a crisis . a global pandemic . stop it now !
me too . classic case of workplace sexual harassment : 
trainor empowering new generation of strong  - willed women .
then ended then go after the real pedophiles starting with these nasty witches also  known as also  known as
a new poll on sexual harassment suggests why me too went so insanely viral
when did sexual harassers decide  jump on the train ?
ex of why we need & basic human decency . violence is violence . 
we all move forward when we recognize how resilient and striking the women around us are 
taking the conversation beyond sexual harassment  via
q3 : julia you chose not to share your story of assault via how and why did you make that decision ?
on the fence about moore being pedophilic with somebody s   - year  - old daughter ? just imagine if it was your   - year  - old daughter .
why are men surprised by says we want confidants who can empathize ; for women that s not men 
women of congress share stories 
via women of congress share stories |
women of congress share stories
reminder . it  s not on women to prevent rape . 
sexual harassment in america : what happens after
sexual harassment in america : what happens after 
sexual harassment in america : what happens after via
] i decided to be specific about this violence against women is not properly punished in
- we shouldn t have to hide our s . there is no shame in being a victim of shame is for the perpetrators .
enough is enough ! on harassment in the capitol : clearly we need to do more 
women who  ve been murdered by their abusers aren  t alive to tweet 
exposes a horrifying truth  and it s as horrifying that not all victims can speak up . you are not alone .
i want to scream this . men of the world : you are not the weather
it  s not just weinstein ( and ailes o  reilly cosby etc . ) it  s all men ! 
be an up stander : three ways you can intervene against sexual harassment :  more ideas : 
women criticize men for silence around but then men who do comment are critic iz .
nice smear attack & gen . kelly on a women in the midst of the crusade !
why sexual abuse and homophobic aggression fucks us up so much ? paul boyce s web log 
in california  s capitol  women  s statement must not be shrugged off
 sexual misconduct  is a politically correct word for being a jackass .
even the women in congress are sexually harassed .
men of the world : you are not the weather  - the washington post by ( to 
men of the world : you are not the weather  - the washington post  - 
women across india are also saying  ( thank you
this is a story of redemption and unconditional love . i want you to know my whole story . 
sexual predators list divides indian feminists
application helping to make our cities safer by reducing sexual assaults 
i added a video to a playlist how the movement is a boon to men pt .
former host on new book & protecting women .
the never ending horrors of our system are inexcusable ! women are being abused violated and murdered ! 
god comforts us in our troubles so we can comfort those in trouble with the comfort we have received from god .   corinthians  :   -
i credit for creating the atmosphere to make it safe for women to be
you are not alone ! we are not alone and hope this will change a generation no ests sola . no estamos solas !
you are empowering other women and yourself . thank you for sharing and
is a serial sexual predator who does not belong in the u . s . senate . 
is a serial sexual predator who should not be in the senate . 
? only  . is a serial sexual predator who should not be in the senate .
is a serial sexual predator who should not be in the senate .
actor anthony rapp : kevin spacey made a sexual advance toward me when i was   via
i liked a video how the movement is a boon to men pt .
) this isn  t about me . this is about women are people  and not just the white ones .
brother  what  the  fuck is going on with haymarket & i'm going to need the tea
any man surprised by is oblivious and explains it well . me too . literally all women . 
kevin spacey apologises over anthony rapp sexual advance claim  - 
every woman i know that has to do work in springfield has their own survival tricks
replying to me too . yes it has happened yes i was sexually assaulted yes i have been sexually harassed .
i  have kept quiet for too long to get a long .
men at work wonder if they overstepped with women too
numerous times by all types of men most unforgettable was stepfather grabbing me at  & informing me that he grabs all blondes asses
sexual assault happens in church
he has parkinson s for over  years in a wheel chair and is a sweet man . is now conflating innocent touching with assault . warped .
this article from is resonating with some women who are finding it difficult to say 
i was a child . i was a child . i was a child . i want people to have to look at me and realize that i was a child and i was raped .
me too draws attention to sexual assault and harassment
no moore a pervert is a pervert is a pervert congress u denial  of  normal  t need to add another pervert alumni  your ranks
promoting stand against women harassment through artwork . stop harassment . 
because a cop in my small town made sexual explicit comments to me when i was
reading how to stamp out sexual harassment in the workplace
- true stories of by women in hospitality & the new law we won !
why up at  am ? because my stomach is in knots over my that could have ended up career before it even really started .
is a proven sexual predator but willing adult participation is not 
the levels of frustrations start with whether to share our story and ends with which one to share !
adding my meagre me too . even though i don 't truly understand the purpose . if we have enough voices many voices a multitude let s say .
and sadly far too many other women i know .
we are all sexual harassment and assault should not be the status quo .
time for men to answer up to the campaign with or
lessons from aisle  : me too my story of assault in the church building . 
and that s not including the various encounters of plain old harassment .
we owe sexual abuse survivors more than 
french women are breaking the silence .  
. end the culture of harassment vic blaming and complicity .
the movement is rapidly progressing as congress women are ending their silence
is crowdsourcing and publishing names of alleged sexual predators fair ?  via
sums up the media hound ethos and is total bullshit hollywood whores are all on the take all on the take
horrifyingly many of the  million statuses will be stories of travel  - related abuse
possibly the reason i am so passionate about women and teen safety
what the response says about women s relationship to power via 
gloria feldt explains what the response say about women  s relationship to power
what the response says about women s relationship to power 
has become a popular format exploited by some bitter  - n  - twisted women to exact revenge with malice & self  - aggrandizement against men .
pr people begin to tell their stories .
tweet if you have ever been subjected to sexual harassment in the workplace .
tripadvisor admits deleting post warning of rape and assault 
breaking police probed and russell simmons for alleged sexual in  ( exclusive )  variety 
new post : as farmworker women cry and respond :
this is also the power of the movement  - an interrogation of how and why some  people come to positions of influence 
many women in champaign  - urbana including community leaders say 
middle eastern women speak about in the workplace 
not fun to write but some women have daughters .
shs is a disgrace to her gender the chances of every single one of those women lying is next to nil
to all the brave and courageous women of we support you .
of course like almost all women i can say if you follow you will see why : .
how creates solidarity for survivors of sexual harassment 
toxic tolerance of sexual violence must stop we support 
senators share stories of harassment 
how creates solidarity for victims of sexual harassment
opinion | diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
with every i feel us growing stronger . it s not okay  - it was never okay .
local women share their experiences 
in  native women has been raped .  of assaults are committed by non  - native perpetrators . 
my god that s upsetting .  we women know this feeling don 't we ? i certainly do .
ick . guys you  reply not commenting much but i hope you  reply reading these articles . will it stop ? not likely .
the stance on sexual assault is backwards says the movement shows why .
check out the amazing leaders that were highlighted at this years women of the year awards . 
just because we thought we were just flirting doesn  t mean it wasn  t sexual harassment .
new york city  sexual predator . headquarters
raped by someone she trusted she refused abortion and is raising her daughter on her own
advise by professor ramya ranganathan mam . just catching up on the posts from all the brave women .
it s  for me too now . was  the first two times an anomaly ? a glitch in the matrix ? jesus second coming ? antichrist ? are aliens coming to earth ? hallelujah it s  for 
is a powerful statement . but how can we lift up the voices of all women even those on the margins ?
i didn t write a for lots of reasons but i did write this ( also to explain why strawberry pop tarts suck ) 
it s unfortunate many people don 't think it counts if it was your partner .
man who allegedly sexually harassed terry crews has been revealed !
belittling or threatening behavior .  why men oppress women ? .  why do girls tolerate ? .
the  terms and phrases you need to know if you think you re being manipulated via
in  of sexual assaults the survivor knows the assailant .
woman says roy moore initiated sexual encounter when she was  he was   - via
now can we harness this energy to take down america s most notorious sexual assault e ?
harassment : aggressive pressure or intimidation . coercion .  something no one would ask for .
it targets predators who are in positions over power most of whom are men .
it targets predators in positions of power most of whom are men .
poll : nearly half of working women say 
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse 
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment & abuse if anything they are over conforming 
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse  -  via
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse  via
rose mcgowan we thank you for this movement
women are not fucking lawn mowers and i will mow your grassy ass down if i am ever assaulted again ! 
too often gender roles socialize women to be polite & men to be assertive . should inspire men to step in 
prominent yoga teachers share their stories  via
prominent yoga teachers share their stories
for the college women who i  have walked alongside because i can sympathize with their pain
the side  - effect of being a woman . it  s time to end this .
and just about every other woman i know ! and what s disheartening is that most men who say they re shocked still won t . do . anything .
should expose the vileness of what happens to black and brown women
thank you to our expert for courageously sharing her story with
these women should next with in the list . disgusting president ! 
what about the untold numbers of women receiving much much less because they aren t worth  the millions from fuck   off
for all the men upset by the ubiquity of the hashtag  - here  s a list of ideas 
one assailant got two years house arrest . but i got a life sentence with ptsd .
i often wonder how many sexual assaults he  s investigated all the while concealing his own history
what about the women raped & abused by and trashed by faux  - feminist 
anyone can be a victim of sexual assault . anyone . and anyone can be a predator . anyone . don 't make assumptions .
i was sexually harassed at un climate negotiations 
as a boy  women sexually abused me 
gender is not the determinate in sexual harrassment  -  - it comes down to & 
flooded with personal stories of assault 
flooded with personal stories of assault
well said ! we are unleashing change . we are never alone . we have a global tribe of women who have our backs !
isn  t easy for many women and girls who can  t even say it . so i  ll put one in for them here .
new post : has made me speak up best of life central has made me speak up
to ensure conformity logic shouldn t all men be subject to travel ban as security precaution ?
( spoiler : and probably man women you know )
: sexually assaulted and sexually harassed on multiple occasions .
how congress handles sexual misconduct allegations . 
yes . every woman has these stories . the raw power of
these powerful sexual harassment psas by david schwimmer are must  - sees .  well done
do they owe it to other women to name these predators ? 
so no complaining when white women and some company co  - opts it and makes bank and a name for themselves over use .
jennifer ferguson why now ? i was also raped by women on our first date i didn t want to do it
a must read via w interviews from on how men can be part of the solution . 
after the scandal women at u . s . state houses are saying  - 
so proud o for these free women still waiting on the lemmings and to celebrate with me ! 
uphold sb169 protect sexual assault victims
right . especially when i saw the of women
in  case you missed  it :  yes there are sexual predators everywhere  even in families
women in state capitols say they face pervasive
ugh it s powerful men in every industry .
i was  and he was my best friend and he didn  t stop at  no .  i  m still learning how to be okay . and that  s okay .
atty consult reply : workplace sexual harrass mt . atty assaults .
instant  message finding relevant to etc .
so multiple  women  report .  but he  s a man so we shouldn  t rush to .  
a thoughtful invitation by a man for other men to consider how to respond to
middle school . high school . college .
the keeps claiming it s men . keep it up . expose the bastards .
you know i can see straight down your dress ?
you know i wasn t referring to that specific incident . i was discussing the movement
. open up about sexual assault in movement
reminds me of the tactics used on .  instant  message just saying 
instant  message so angry and overwhelmed with anxiety
assault not continuing the trauma of blaming victims . this must stop now .
ajenglish : what conversations has prompted in men ? aj stream discusses and more live on you t  
caleb jennings fired by mark raleigh suspended . my harasser must be the next to be fired . 
if this doesn t make you sick / livid / furious / frustrated .  learn how you can support women vets : 
expose these men ! get them out of congress !
wouldn t it be nice if men not only put on the spot in the limelight apologized to us as well ?
from to now what ? : we must take action to stop sexual harassment . here are some ideas : via
nationwide  in  women will experience sexual assault during her undergraduate years .
what prevents women from getting raped ?  eliminating the rapist .
 do this for your sons . do this for yourselves .  on how can help men transform masculinity 
women candidates did very well in every part of the country tonight 
blame the men who commit the crimes . not the victims .
what decent men can do in response to  - cnn 
 breaking the silence of sexual abuse
north south east west powerful people are stealing wealth of talented and poor . it must stop :
the attitudes & taught behaviors that normalize sexual violence start early we should too .
like so many women in america i  have been sexually harassed .
all of that is very true . i am one who was a i have been through a lot and made a lot of mistakes . i have survived . i am happy .
men should remove their penises metaphorically for a moment and stop being so self serving .
the movement and sexual harassment in the workplace
check out my original at last year  -  . thank you for covering this story !
this is not a gop a dnc an elite or a hollywood problem . it  s a male problem 
thanks to with for talking with me on about women harassment and what we can do to stop it !
in solidarity with y  all you are everything women . never forget this .
thank you and for highlighting this morning for her creation of the movement
viral hashtag illuminates the scope of sexual assault
oh yeah and ( the question is .  are there women who haven  t been ? )
i know i  m not the only one but i want to remind others that they aren  t alone .
yap it s been damn good year as a woman for  reasons it s damn good to be a woman in   via
. on how to speak up for women .  start with listening .  
it s never too early to begin the conversation about sexual assault with your children
some other stuff u might want to know  more will be revealed
the more people talk the less it s becoming acceptable 
of course . there aren t many women archaeologists who can t say this as far as i can tell .
yes ! please . thank you . boys can control themselves . men can control themselves . 
how about the other half of the equation ? how many people who harassed are willing to  fess up ?
it is okay to speak up . it s okay to not be ready . it s okay to choose not to . stop judging people for their decision .
if you were wondering why so many women marched after trump was inaugurated maybe now you understand .
ladies take note men are not the enemy .  
i hope that we can deal with the root cause of sexual impropriety .
where s the army for the victims of r . kelly s abuse ? !
now funding on phool an . click here to hear her story of abuse revenge & transformation .
what women and men should be doing instead of or in addition to is boycotting hollywood . boycott until .
just in : nbc news fires exec over sexual harassment allegations
i  ve changed . i get tomato sauce on ravioli now . i assume most know it  s not italian blood . 
ask women about harassment and the stories flow ( via
shines a light on sexual assault and harassment in don 't c are  - are a
men reply : : how could you say that about us ? men reply : : should be our hashtag for apologizing for our complicity
recently there was uproar across india over the harassment of girls in 
eh ? these trendy controversies and trendy hashtag causes are lame . how about you keep your sexual issues to yourself . me too .
so proud ! women who came out in the campaign are heroes .
wouldn t it be amazing if it were safe for all women to come forward ! praying 
a2 : i was encouraged by others stories & it helped me talk about my own .
we can t pretend to not know about sexual assault . yds prof . mary moschella s piece in 
why were  gay men deemed so credible but female accusers of and others are doubted ?
the campaign shows how many women see themselves as worthless  via
- harassment flashed while grabbing tea after class rubbed  - up on in the subway
to  be  honest i don 't think i know any woman who hasn t .
yes i  have been cat  - called . yes i  have been eyed up and down inappropriately by men . 
retweeted tracey spicer ( thank you to the  1  0  0 s of women who ve come forward with their
when people said others tried to drown them out with women say now we get trolled with
i should also extend my thanks to the men who have reached out to me since i posted
also see info on categor i c duty2 warn it s time to make plain how this game operates under whom .
instant  message glad this is available . 
is a sexual predator . every day feels like a punch in the gut
another m using : and not just via men and the incidents we r not that bad . and i was so upset .
raped continuously from age   -  . told me he would blow my brains out if i told  - never publicly confessed until now .
 .  just like all these women out there i too had a filing cabinet full of experiences to share .
high school janitor grad school professor boss
instant  message going   to say this again : if my pain has to be palatable for you to be an ally you are not an ally .
time to add a men too hashtag ?
are you serious ? men were also using the hashtag . you re disgusting .
hey horrified by all the women saying this thread 
because i love language & it s intricacies & i don 't love this . how we speak about it matters . 
- kron news asks dr . will courtenay what men can do to support th .  via
rt smart conversation w & about and their  tricks  to ward off skeevy handsy men in meetings .
accurate depressing response to perpetrators of sexual violence . 
thank you for sharing your story ahead of 
let me tell you about the time i wasn t sexually harrassed 
no story is ever trivial . everybody matters . and if you think no one cares i do .
retweet please . we will donate to support please . visit 
men were supportive of until we started naming names .
i put together a few thoughts on much for all the women sharing & for those who can 
ajenglish : opinion : the women who fear saying
ajenglish : opinion : the women who fear saying 
what if i can  t change the past but i can help change the future
toxic masculinity is everywhere . it  s up to us men to fix this 
consent is a function of power . you have to have a modicum of power to give it . impt piece by 
seems to be unearthing a lot of successful sexual predators in the office . too ! 
operator  - ed : it  s up to us men to fix this .
amid wave a rabbi seeks to at one for his fellow men  - 
we shouldn  t have to lay our traumas bare over and over hoping this will be the time people actually care .  -
men who can t se our own will never admit hence our vicious cycle of predatory patriarchy persists .
assaults  of which were violent . too many harassment s to count .
i have been closely reading posts in which men are discussed ( and whether men should or should not be part of this dialogue ) .
you can survive rape . you never forget it  don 't even think that . but you can survive it and go on .  - maya angelou .
just thought you should know and be proud of these women for representing you well .
already does this . havas group mandatory harassment training revelations  via
this is what we  reply up against  - people like this creep 
when these strong women state the facts it s powerful ! 
cnn poll : one fifth of americans know someone who said 
men this should be simple . let s turn into in one generation .
let s not be sexist here . the first time i was assaulted my assailant was female .
instant  message a slender fellow with a large cranium .
enough with the bullshit when the abusers are still victimizing people . time to
thank   you to for touting work of & at today . we have a duty to make no more .
stand against stand for by m mad son | redbubble 
women aren t the only ones that things like this happens to
native women are at least  times more likely to be abused missin by non  - natives
hey can we have our women s lounge back now ? please ?
new :  tips for dealing with workplace harassment via
let us not forget there are many women who could tweet but aren  t ready .
first time i was   2 and  and  3 rd several times by my abuser .
a5 : be gentle with yourself take your time figure out what you need (
my is the lede for this thoughtful piece about the church and sexual violence by heidi sch lump f for the .
bbc correspondent tells of harassment by colleagues via
this is why every woman you know has a quiet rage burning inside of her . 
well i didn  t know that you were so determined to malign the me too people entirely . i  m not sure how we would engage . you use your color
we are alabamians . and we will elect it is for men in their  3  0 s to pursue teenage girls . anyone who doesn  t categorically condemn condones child molestation
crucial to everyone s understanding of this always : these are just the victims we know about .
another old school apologist for sexual abusers . 
ouch . basically  of rich dudes with power are sweating throughout this movement
the constructio industry is one of the most sexist in existence besides any other mostly run by men . 
what we didn t talk about as girls we try to confront as women
o  reilly settled new harassment claims then fox renewed his contract
hoping to raise better men actually determined to raise better men
opinion : what decent men can do in response to via 
why don 't men post and admit they ve committed wouldn t that be interesting instead of victimising again & again . 
how to take from a campaign to an actual movement 
the reason is resonating is because for so long many women have carried privately a shame that is not ours .
what i love here is that the women are all standing together . this is how we change to 
men the on us [ is on us ] . we should be the ones doing the soul excavation . 
hollywood reporter verified account while popularized the movement 
oh my god . oh my god ! the crowd the glee at being so disgusting . 
my first assault at age  . it wasn t the last . monsters are real . 
1 hand on steering wheel  1 hand hold smartphone while driving  - die fast gud4 malaysia economy  - bodoh road killer malaysian motorist w5965c
the first time i remember clear harassment that i recognized  - i was  .
i was told by hour that i could not be told what measures were taken against him . he is still employed in the same executive position
i think the hashtag is about spreading it out . so many stories easier to overlook
mystery shrouding harassment cases called absolutely outrageous .  via
if you have been assaulted before you are statistically more likely to be assaulted again . we are not alone and it is not our fault
 the empathy we share is freeing .   - founder of movement
some people can only say without the story . some aren t even there yet . that s okay . stop judging people & accept them where they are .
giani no : some women will learn what happens when you say & it might stop them from ever saying again 
how has become a powerful symbol of sexual harassment experiences
how is this okay to use taxpayers fund to settle congress  harassment lawsuits ? guilty groper s  - resign . 
when were we ever considered sacred ? i missed that memo . see : campaign
 magnitude of sexual harassment problem  highlighted in egypt 
i had power at the time . it doesn t make you immune . i didn t have the energy to make a formal complaint . i regret it to this day .
when reading all horrific experiences appears no one was spared by the deviated men .
 rape as cost of business . the ongoing risk of is too little discussed
they hope people will have forgotten as they can  t resist the microphone . so they press on with as they prop up grotesque .
report the sexual assault and speak up .
how will you change ? from to men can prevent abuse via 
i learned far too early how to distrust all men by trusting one man !
kevin spacey exclusive : new accuser describes assault via
me too . also wishing this was a call for men and women to speak out both .
katz : responsibility should be on men to change their behavior . 
that dress ! is this the   5  0 s again ? thank you for beginning the movement
i wonder if there s a forum where lawyers and judges are sharing their stories .
i was sexually assaulted at a frat party my freshman year
people who love sriracha are living a lie . it s just spicy ketchup .
instant  message tired of being blamed .
as a black women i have not cared to join in the phenomenon not because i have not been sexually .
instant  message done protecting you .
the number of on my timeline is just jaw dropping . dear men if this doesn t have you frantically .
when will look at ourselves and stop the culture that provides a breeding ground for stories ?
another bless her heart instant  message  . 
cat calling is also ( gross ) harassment
will become a pop  - culture platitude or can it help build a larger movement ? 
shame silenced me  years . until the morning of  . shame belongs to the offenders .
thanks to every poster who reached out to me to share their story 
the part that has been the hardest for me is that women in my own family have also posted  /
i applaud you ! even with the new in twitter i don 't have the space for all my stories .
ever again . i didn t sue and have been employed there now  years . this happened in   -  time frame . it s horrific & still stresses me out when i think about it .
support while you support those that can t speak out for various reasons .
clipse featuring pharell williams i know that they would person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble je sava is que certains all aient troller . mr
the story of beauty  - the harvey weinstein effect ( pt .  ) 
men respond to with and every woman should see it 
men respond to with and every woman should see it
. instant  message anxiously awaiting the jerry falwell jr . revelations that will take down this hypocrite . 
bravo and to all for sharing their stories and to those who don 't share their stories . ps :
at my apt . building in roslindale  years ago ! he did it to two others . want the story ?
how i long for the old days where i had to use pencil and paper and women didn t say
because i keep asking questions and keep answering them to my best ability
we are so moved by the ways that people have bravely stood up and said over the past few 
me too . trafficked by a military gang raped by more than  people who paid to torture me .
portland musicians address movement in nasty woman video
gretchen carlson talking about how women from every profession came to her afterwards saying
yep i  have been there as well . but let s not forget that this also happens to men
in the yoga community   teachers share their stories .
and rape overlap with and abuse . purple book release  :
should show you that sexual assault and sexual harassment is not over exaggerated .
people r asking if i ll vote  him ? how sickening !
just finished solnit  s  men explain things to me .  just read it .
has the movement helped you to stand in your story ?
i was a listener of an am dj who targeted me and a plethora of victims for his sexual pleasure . they ve done nothing .
from to men can create workplace cultures of prevention and support
and sadly every single female and many others who do not identify as female with whom i  have spoken .
what is taken from us with these micro  - aggressions and harassment is our sense of safety 
note the woman who started the movement has campaigned for  years not 
guess what ? sex assault is not fun ! 
at times when and by people from whom i least expected it .
can you name him ? replace with etc . women need to support them !
instant  message an idiot . i was hearing but they were saying
sadder than those hash  - tagging are those that won t because they still don 't want anyone to know their private pain .
so even s doesn t know what is ? get the fuck out . adding insult to injury 
sincerely i don 't know a woman who hasn t been . stay courageous .
for men who are looking for a way to respond to 
what he intended for evil god will use for good . even if i haven t seen the good .
sexual assault and sexual harassment are never your fault
hold men accountable for their actions .
be angry at abusive men but confuses the issue
some apps revoke responsibility and i think i know why the numbers are just astronomical .
the wake of men are pledging to make changes to fight .
in the wake of men are pledging to make changes to fight 
sexual assault is never the victims fault
show up shut up and wear beige . show up don 't shut up and wear red
a read for men in the digital age . welcome . 
whose your hero ? i ll give you time to think about it .
when i had to change my work schedule to avoid them following me to work
as harassment claims hit the coe it s an institution still steeped in sexism  via
to all my friends posting i support and stand shoulder to shoulder with you !
do i need to say more ? i can  t even walk my dog without being harassed .
i hope predatory pastors and those who  ve covered up for them are nervous too . it  s time . 
instant  message waiting for to merge with to form
 cop  - a  - feel  by connects campaign with the shift towards 
it is grossly staggering to me that people have an issue with the timing but not the act . 
what to do when you experience sexual harassment at work : via
since were talking about perfect time for and to apologize for squaw slur : 
malaysians say share experiences of sexual harassment
and so it begins shares anonymous stories of 
the women who are posting have great courage !
the women who are posting have great courage ! 
the world needs more feminist men .
why the campaign has been so impactful  rt lolly daskal
why the campaign is so impactful :  rt lolly daskal
sometimes i upload my personal pictures here and receive pms that make me think that me too has not been discussed enough  - i remove them
when i was  i was sexually harrassed by a photographer during a modelling casting . now i help victims
i understand why many women who this happens to let it go .  - terry crews
please please ! please denial  of  normal  t use the hashtag on marketing . seriously .
random : it was interesting to see a   -  hour delay on the campaign reaching pakistan .
one fifth of americans know someone who said | ci proud 
why women are posting me too on facebook twitter :
i think it s about time that we stop calling horny men dogs because that s insulting to dogs .
me too campaign morphs into vigilante list of academics accused of harassment
amy swear er was by a stranger . here  s what she think of the  hashtag .
i feel lucky my harassment has been confined to the street classroom and electronic realm . 
as a come on & through the less discussed sexual harassment of having a boss who hates women . let s not forget that .
men pay attention to the hashtags . and let  s commit ourselves to
reese witherspoon reveals she was sexually assaulted by a director when she was
assaulted ? harassed ? threatened ? honest ?
 because we pay when we speak up  even when we do it with a smile .  thank you 
she has always been one of my favorite actors i never could understand why she wasn  t cast more often . now we know . 
. and all  - female panel share stories on
some of you   all have heard the story about the slimy creeper who offered to be my het sub at a con before offering me a banana
so many stories on my tough  luck here and on facebook .
separate nights w /  separate men : i left when i asked them to stop and they didn t . they didn t use force but they didn t stop .
some brave women are using in where talking about abuse is so taboo you can be shunned for it 
re calling they are father s married men now . disgusts and disturbs .
jessie re yez recorded gatekeeper before the movement but very timely and real .
the rate would be higher if all women were on twitter . over the years in my discussions women we all had a story .
for those who though the boys club is harmless : opinion | a for clueless men 
for one week these women recorded all the times they were objectified sexually 
i was sexually molested by my uncle i was  1  1 years old
interested in submissions from people on the phenomenon  - collective reflection & action
thanks molly marshall for this insightful and challenging article .  - our culture of sexual predation 
and workplace harassment : a letter to my daughter | 
and workplace harassment : a letter to my daughter
one in five women are sexually assaulted while in college . last year i became that one . 
women are sexually assaulted while in college
your position against those who have come forward with their stories is duly noted & registered for what it is .
tell your stories  the first & last time so future in won t have
thank   you  expressing the systemic problem in h wood . even sharing scares me .
loud and clear !  men respond to with  
i hope people are listening and not jumping on the bandwagon !
thank you them us senators for sharing your stories on
don 't be a safe haven . rape taunts are sexual abuse . 
i was sexually harassed by jeff goldblum on the set of  months in  . anyone else ?
in a powerful essay tells her own story . 
don 't her hair tells her story ! laetitia ky ? read more :
is to end violence to women and to encourage women to make good choices . women may have not .
instant  message happy to chat but never about that however instant  message always happy to lend an ear
because the only person i told told me it  wasn  t a big deal 
the campaign is about abusers as much as it is about abuse . so where are the men ?  via
potus  identified that reporting parties in sex assault would be given pre  - existing condition . and this ? 
bsr s editor  - in  - chief shares her stories .
to cut through the miasma of social media you need
report sexual violence as and when it happens with the application
victims of and other predators  speak out now . anonymous or not .
wow . watch this is my assault story on youtube  -
she has her own story then . and this is emblematic of the industry . men making deals in the currency of flesh .
i just published  reminds us why we actually like social media  
+ contact celebrities telling their stories incl + 
is there anyone in world who doesn t have a story . oh george .  so disappointed .  
i was pushed up against a ladder and forcefully kissed while at work . i was  .
at  &  &  i didn t know i could speak up and anyway it was family !
this kind of harassment is so pervasive that it makes us just brush it off and minimize it . not anymore .
it was such an honor to have dedicate a song to movement that we are all part of . 
do you feel positive or negative feelings about the campaign ?
when we asked feminist men about thanks 
right now dan re a talking about importance of campaign .
love by just now on thank you keith ! so timely & beautiful .
harassed quite a bit  almost assaulted but luckily escaped . 
this happened to me . i negotiated with myself for years until i accepted everything that happened after i said no was not okay 
in the advent of the movement raymond baxter took the opportunity to have an internal debate about his .
accusing someone casts aspersions on everyone . i don 't think intends to be vague .
i was ambivalent because i don 't think we should need to share our traumas . but the volume is stunning it s overwhelming .
my anxiety therapist crossed a line . big time . he  s a phd .
men are not taught right . bible has underrated concept to help .  
harassment is common here . so much so that most don 't even realise it s not normal to be harassed .
men can be the victim of sexual harassment too . 
a collective embrace from every woman for every woman across all walks of life all borders and dividers saying
qubec top feminist hushed assault victim 
because there s been too many instances for me to choose which to share and that is the problem .
were encouraged to see so many joining the conversation about via
dodged a bullet but not because you re gay ; it s because you re lucky . instant  message a & being gay was why it happened to me .
these are the most prominent allegations to surface as part of the campaign around 
rally draws people from various backgrounds political leanings
men respond to with guys in my acquaintance do think about it as well .  via
boys get in formation ! men respond to with via
the movement in sweden shows why we need feminism more than ever .  -
the movement in sweden shows why we need feminism more than ever
the movement in sweden shows why we need feminism more than ever .
it gets real out here real early sometimes . moving on .
i was still too timid to publish this during height of cosby allegations . finally it is time to say
i  m a conservative who was roofied by a stranger . here  s what i think of the  me too  hashtag .
i  m a conservative who was roofied by a stranger . here  s what i think of the me too hashtag . 
i  m a conservative who was roofied by a stranger . here  s what i think of the me too hashtag .
messenger : stop  that . louis attorney heads to court to tell her story :  via
because college wasn t my first experience with sexual violence
i was  the first time i was sexually assaulted by a stranger .
it s so hard to know where to start isn t it ? { gentle hugs }
also struggled with what to tell my kids about harassment and ( to bring my two qs togehter )
just out : says in captivating operator  - ed sharing her story :
my friend adele  s story . inspiring in every part . 
indicated report sex assault will be a pre  - existing medical condition . where will disclosures of fall ?
from age  onward .  often from men i knew not just strangers .
a chronicle of sexual harassment and of the many careers ended because women had to step away
sen . liz warren tells her  story
rachel i applaud your courage and thank you for sharing . 
sadly it s unlikely there s a woman out there that hasn t has her own experience of harassment .
if you ve been harassed or retaliated against at work contact us .  / 
i ll be on cbc just after  to talk and how can make a dent in sexual harassment and violence .
-  - because this can happen to anyone anywhere . i believe and the others who have lived with their stories
thinking about the placement of assault and harassment in this campaign .
the project . speak out . shout . stand up ! we can be the heroes . we are the
kevin mullin : rt rendon63rd : affects the legislature too . we must be better and we must do better . we said e  
this creep just called me baby . just another story of 
men : respond to with .  take action  via
movement hits the streets in hollywood 
bsr s editor  - in  - chief shares her story :
bsr s editor  - in  - chief shares a story of her own .
can t be seconds biology & science disagree u can still report it now instant  message can t u unless u say he is not .
no they denial  of  normal  t have morals respect for women
you don 't need to be in a same sex restroom to be as soun lte s and it is insanity to say a trans individual is a bigger threat
yes to this : this message gets lost in the movement 
this message gets lost in the movement 
this message gets lost in the movement
this message gets lost in movement
ridiculous  - they knew and elected him anyway . these are your values people . 
is not just about rapists . it s about bystanders rape apologists and yourself . have you ever denied someone s story ?
univ north texas jr will give  paid speech there  . let him know how you feel about this : 
this hashtag carries so much power and depth and has made a lasting impact .
it s time in france it has become  in other parts  and beyond ?
in  case you missed  it the latest from  me too  cheapens assault via
powerful layout this morning from the  -  - putting the story above the masthead
please stop using thread to promote  2 a . lacking in all credibility now . motives clear . attacking feminists . please stop .
i actually don 't have to describe my ass to you while instant  message in uniform just because it isn t defined in my pants .
i mainly use twitter . you must be terrified for your daughter . we all have a story .
this is all i will ever say about men : seriously ? you  reply surprised ? end .
rape culture risks will astonish some and surprise no one in oklahoma 
yes i have faced this too  read my stories on facebook : 
retweet please . we will donate to support 
although majority are females male victims are more deceptively hidden .
 what makes you think we can trust you ?  why would i lie about rape
editor  s column : if i were a woman i  d boycott america
ubs was featured in a cnn article on the importance of the movement .
well you already know response to the misconduct & this time no lube !
i was  when i was chased and thrown beer bottles at by drunk men who were yelling obscenities at me and i had to call the police  /
meet the woman who founded the project  years ago .
manager arrested charged with sexually assaulting employees 
i never anticipated something like the movement which has now spread to other industries  -  -
you  reply  correct ! anyone who says otherwise is living in an alternate universe . and thank you gretchen !
been a long time comin laughing out loud. 
not just once or twice . but over a period of a few years he sexually abused me over and over again
i feel like i can  t share my because when i told my assaulter s what they did they both said  no i didn  t 
this is how you have got me covered  learn more about the story 
if you look at me one more time to judge which of the two of us is worse
when you know more people who have been date raped than who haven t been .
instant  message sick of players protesting their nonsense by disrespecting the national anthem
the social media news network is out ! 
female senators share stories  - huffpost 
it s important men speak up for women too . does that .
my coping mechanism : i told myself if i had been fat ugly less feminine .  this never would have happened to me .
men & boys have stories too and they also count .
you are an unelected and unaware spokesperson for the american people . also  known as you  reply an freaking idiot . 
i was only  years old . just a kid who didn  t know any better .
how a hashtag became a rallying cry against #
this is a movement . there s a critical mass now . we sat down with as she joins supports
+  .  same story .  years ago in manhattan . approached me in supermarket . happy to provide info .
can t throwing stones from glass houses . time to end the culture of sexual harassment . 
seattle reporter shares personal story
this is a powerful article . the stories you texted cnn 
there are at least a thousand on my timeline . these stories don 't come in the singular . some of violence .
fast forward to  each woman holding an impeach  sign and says 
so honored to have been at the outlier project story reading at lsu s . it was brave 
campaign empowers women in pittsburgh to join the movement  via
campaign empowers women in to join the movement
campaign empowers women in pittsburgh to join the movement
if you know the name you have the responsibility of naming them
has betrayed our country . time will reveal him as the treasonous bastard that he really is . 
i  ve been married for   - years not even a traffic violation and an  + credit score . will you believe my story ?
what happens to one has rep ur cuss ion s to us all . what you did not know is a memory that stays back .
i am still not full reconciled with the trauma but each time i remind myself i am a i reclaim my
age    -  year old neighbor until now never told anyone 
how do you navigate your sexuality after trauma ?  - related story continues here  - >
i too do this work so young women in my life don 't have to say
my boyfriend at the time wouldn t take no for an answer .
it  s sad though that so many women have been harassed or assaulted .  like it  s depressing .
why are there no great women artists ? author died ; important read . 
magnitude of sexual violence depicted in hashtag 
i may present male now but at  pre  - transition i was assaulted at gunpoint &  years later still have c ptsd .
dissension : when it comes to do not target all men . full article :
er star anthony edwards reveals his story .
although my chest could use some work . damn instant  message hairy . darn genes !
you got this sarah . thank you for the courage . 
if you don 't know what this means look it up . for the record more than once .
a time to heal support group  .  w jackson blvd
thank you for being courageous and sharing your story 
campaign is leading to some amazing twitter apologies
this . deep . no instant  message not condoning shooting but i do understand
me too . i  have said for years i don 't think i  have ever met a woman or girl who hasn t .
join on the road from victim to victory . say no more to sexual violence . 
because people still think this shit is funny ?  
link in bio if you want to read a decent rant ! it  s also here : 
because it matters . because it s time . because we need to do something . because 
why the campaign has been so impactful  - lolly daskal | leadership
being the subject when you re the only woman in the room . completely outnumbered 
. shares her story with the a lawmaker once cupped her breast at an event .
so if inspires women to end that culture of silence power to them .
thank you for sharing this helped me with perspective .
i have a video i keep of myself at my very lowe s i keep it to remind myself not to ever let anyone hurt me like that again .
because the message clearly isn t being received as shows us . 
it doesn  t matter who you are what you  reply wearing or how you  reply acting .
and you know what else ? isn  t one enough ? isn  t one single person enough to say  this is unacceptable  ?
that was funny your peers see your story and offer support instead of judgment
aly raisman tells her story
read : in response to men are tweeting via
don 't tell anyone damaged my spirit as a child . don 't tell anyone now gave me a wound i can t cover up .
a  part story . please hear my story .
i was  . i guarantee instant  message not even a blip on his radar . he changed the trajectory of my life .
.  so many people dealing with i pv ! prevention & intervention sorely needed now . don 't sweep it under the rug  -  - talk about it .
i couldn t figure out how to talk about the movement so i wrote about it instead : 
affirming all who courageously speak their truths about sexual assault ; in awe of re cy taylor who dared to say me before there was a 
in graduate school i was sexually harassed by a professor
let the cavalcade of calls among media people and campaign consultants begin . 
motion filed to unseal documents involving prior first baptist church sex abuse 
whether they share it or not . whether they are fat skinny old or young .
nytimes : the movement reached the european parliament on wednesday 
years ago . we need to insist on safe workplaces .
sex abuse allegations rock &
when women were sacred him  maybe you didn t hear the chorus back then but it happened
[ weeping ] america ferrera reveals she was sexually assaulted when she was   via
i  ve protected them by concealing their identity and the incidents for over a year but i think about what happened often .
survivors don 't owe you their story . thank you . 
you could move mountains ellen by highlighting the enormity of the campaign x
this i love in response to men are tweeting  via
. that  s awesome . thanks for the analysis and for acknowledging as creator of hashtag 
to anyone who has been sexually victimized i stand with you and will fight alongside you . 
pastor accused of covering up abuse returns to spotlight  via
but surveys could have told you that . & they re safer for victims up until there s a critical mass of voices . were not there yet .
. founder of the movement is focused on finding solutions .
this is such a beautiful idea . instant  message donating are you ? 
at the  event there will be clergy therapists and trained social work professionals . pasadena ywca supports this function .
i think ? when sexual feels all too normal .  thank you thank you thank you
i stand with every every and please do not silence women !  
 wherever there is power  - there is the potential for abuse   allegation . every  days for a year . 
just a note : didn t originate the movement . has been doing this for a decade . 
he asked me if he could touch my boobs after class . when i said no he called me a bitch & blocked me from the exit .
.  demanding to be treated [ as ] .  fragile can t say no . there s a need to criminalize just being male on movement
cal thomas : the revelations extended into my family and likely yours . consider my granddaughters story . 
i think this creepy ass van contributed to the movement .
i hate to see so many hashtags and stories
one story : behold how powerful women really are  - 
no man should talk down to a woman like this . it s abusive and humiliating in addition to serving no purpose other than to degrade . 
say no get away tell everybody 
i could go on about other instances in which i have felt .  exploited but .  it would get very repetitive . 
how to talk about sexual harassment at work
because we don 't want to ruin his life .  he s so young .
four female senators tell their stories
my thoughts on the movement & what it could mean for workplaces in & the u . s . via
i wasn  t going to share that initially because one my circumstances extended beyond the definition of harassment .
u . s . princesses make way for wonder woman pink pussy hats
has been tweeted more than a million times . and we all know there are many more victims out there . 
need to finish knitting grandsons blanket so i can get back to churning out pink pussy hats .
but there is life after and i will not let those who harass and abuse win ever again !
statutory rape is illegal not biblical . i ban you . forever . that s how we optics aren t good !  
thank you so much for the support . it s been very painful and scary .
ways churches can respond to the movement  via
ways churches can respond to the movement :
hesitated a long time deciding whether to send this or not but here goes :
i was sexually assaulted at then banned for reporting it . see the petition : 
yes . kindness is the most important super power  - and available to all of us .
this is my favorite of the essays so far . what a brilliant woman .
this is a very important tweet  -  s a second ? gee whiz . how do you get the statistics ? and the  character limit ?
now i know why you wear so deep eye shadow . at the fair
( plus  more i was harassed by union guys but it was a vp who sought me out and cornered me
npr : rt npr parallels : instead of french women say out your pig
what  s madness is that the denials to invalidate her account . straight out disappointing ! so if not wash post another media outlet ?
and then there was that old man who placed his sweaty hands on me in an overfilled metro in rome acting as if it s not him
power of the  - campaign gives tools to help ea other .  by
. huh . if made it possible for a female senator to say this maybe i like the hashtag after all : 
 so interested to see which side makes strides as so many come forward
he broke my glasses . i must have wanted him to do that too while he was sexually assaulting me .
thanks reese witherspoon and others for tearing off the veil of silence surrounding sexual violence .
many thanks to you all ! if you want to donate this is still possible !
horrid by a teacher in a school abuse is a can of worms ending abuse of the young is priority 
why some conservatives struggle with and the way forward by amy swear er
men tweeting in response to  - abc news 
if someone tells you they ve been hur it s your duty to believe them .
hello my rap song for victims hope u gain comfort w / 
instant  message grateful as well . thank you 
read these touching and candid post on retweet 
. .  those men who say they really don 't see it in their circles .  i can just about guarantee that it is happening in your circles .
looking for stories from wall street . 
as a   -  1  8 year  old tech intern i was propositioned by my  + mentor for dinner and then breakfast . confronted him & he denied saying it to 
as a   -  1  8 year  old tech intern i was propositioned by my  + mentor for dinner and then breakfast . confronted him & he denied saying it to
if is smart they will see this as an  make things right
come on everyone ! get on board ! this can be changed 
do we believe women yet ? the battle to end sexual harassment via 
i  m a a singer  - dancer  - songwriter and an advocate . i  ve been harassed many times . not cool :  -
is not just a temporary trending hashtag . it is a movement and this is just the beginning !
 we  ve got some work to do  by  thank   you for being an ally !
woman says initiated sexual encounter when she was  he was  . she s saying isn t okay
has time for broadway reviews no comment on epidemic . sad ! 
. started the campaign about a decade ago . via 
get and get armed ! > pity party please just come to the us forever !  
after harvey weinstein women are together saying 
/ my is just another number . instant  message so tired of shouting me i and me too .
we denial  of  normal  t usually get into fray but
at age  .   years later still get knot in my stomach thinking about it .
instant  message in solidarity with & would like to add : so we can
- harassed on twitch at school and at conventions ; assaulted on stage .
a link . it s about time this got blown open .
 help crime victims not be victims . topics for community digestion consideration .
to many times at various work locations and even during college .
time for good men to step up . 
my story is yours and hers and our trauma is real and collective
her words .  honest eloquent horrible all at the same time 
thank   you & is so proud to be an official partner of 
) time to drop our allegiance to these companies if they don 't drop their allegiance to him . dollar shave club clear choice gillette glaxosmithkline lending tree liberty mutual mitsubishi my pillow nutrisystem p & g .
the system doesn  t actually know how to hold firm for survivors . 
weinstein : italian media coverage of the scandal has been predictably outrageous 
could apply to a partnership to plant positive seeds . needn t be victims to take a stand . 
twitter reveals massive reach of movement
we tell every woman to embrace & enjoy their sexuality . defend your body with pride & honour always
elizabeth warren s story is both frightening and empowering
appreciate being honored for being founder of the uniting through truth movement . 
beyond her own weinstein harassment tom i  - ann roberts sees the power of
give your $$ $ together against sexual violence
harvey weinstein is everywhere and every woman has met him 
very timely discussion among the awareness campaign .  
. professor explains the power of the phenomenon  and why some people might not join in
speier shares story says she was assaulted as hill staffer 
speier shares story says she was assaulted as hill staffer via
i believe that we will win . i know we can conquer this issue . i know it .
i want to say as clearly and loudly as i can that i stand with & must go .
worthwhile read : sexual assault when you  reply on the margins : can we all say
trans man who takes a stand .
bay states female pols share me too moments via 
please join us on today s at  am est !
maybe the and we should have more social microphones like because sexual harassment is too normalized and it shouldn t be that way
in the news : jenay henning is one of the powerful women featured today in
in light of the hashtag may i remind everyone .
kudos to for acknowledging the movement . this is how authorities must react . by beginning a dialogue taking a step .
anne frank halloween costume removed after backlash | . stand against this too sick ! 
his statement included the recent message 
ignorance . i didn  t like being screwed against my will . if you or anyone you know is ever hurt i would offer more than thoughts . 
i was sexually harassed wearing jeans and a hoodie in seventh grade .  so
trump given a subpoena for all documents relating to assault allegations
when are you really going to help women ? 
in the wake of and here are my ideas about how filmmakers change the culture of harassment on
if you work at the texas capitol and a lawmaker sexually harasses you there s not much the state can do about it .
everything you need to know about the movement
love light and prayers of encouragement to survivors everywhere
i still see him at family parties he hugs me when he sees me i still catch him staring at me for too long .
sex abuse allegations : will cut ties with after fires who  s next from & others ?
realising is campaign to out most are false claims . check out &
if today is the first day you re noticing the women around you saying that s on you not them .
warren  s story left out some details . 
now you can begin to heal . instant  message so sorry .
reveals she was sexually assaulted as a child  via
my heart is with all of you ladies . all i have to say is this .  and the men who had to be silent about it as well etc !
abuse and harassment know no gender .
the problem i have w / is that it went on too long . nobody had the backbone ? i like the cow tongue threat !
thank you !  i  m a a singer  - dancer  - songwriter and an advocate . i  ve been harassed was  too many times :
on behalf of can i ask what makes this hashtag important to you ? 
another hollywood director another story this one well reported by 
stories take so much courage . the candor is incredibly impressive . also
 now what ? a post  - harvey weinstein plan
it  s too hard to share my story so i  ll simply say
ugh .  so raw it hurts . thank you 
so much love for you my friends gen next mentorship & after school program
by a mystery man in a crowded boston mbta station .
did you see the profile photo we created for
me too march on hollywood & highland in hollywood ca am this sunday
when women say men need to say and help stop & 
congressmen have way more poor victims not just scumbag hollywood our elected officials
this has nothing to do with the movement but thanks for playing
see what happens when you make someone upset .
today i was know what s mean by tag ( late picker )
this week we are meeting on thursday (    -  at max caffe on amsterdam ! we will also discuss movement as well
what cities have done to fight street harassment . 
tainted witness author leigh gilmore on this is about refuting a toxic culture on the hashtag
rt heforshe : now more than ever we need men to step up .
years old two   - year  - old boys repeatedly for  months
sometimes time doesn  t heal old wounds
stand your ground your voice is powerful be fearless .
when they don 't talk to you and just ghost your profile .  for years . girls can be weird as well .
i haven t been on social media much recently it overwhelms me lately . but i did want to say
1  4 year old do not have right  in or most states she was at  i d been for years by someone in  3  0 s
i don 't say * no one * but the climate was one of silence or quiet settlement . what do you think was about ?
what roles do contractors students and volunteers play in to defraud custody under who knows who doesn t and when they know what will they do ? 
and fire the damn men who sexually harass and abuse women . do that .
powerful : starts her keynote with her own story  - ending luckily with  poetic justice  .
hillary grappled infidelity & accusers demanded action   we have to destroy her story
and these are just a few examples that instant  message comfortable sharing .  just a few .
millenial discussions : me too  - i have been discussing with several friends in open forum the me too movement .
this is how treats the movement ; with ball on dicks . thanks for your bullshit support . 
big thank you for being a part of the solution !  
a classic example of sweeping the issue under the rug & distracting people away from it
inspired by all the stories . merch !  of sales go to rape foundation and saving innocence .
stand up against sexual harassment
three different times by men i knew .
why is taking over your social media feeds ( reports )
i was raped by my pastor here s how i chose life . via
there is no easy way to tell you . but it  s time . by via
when you re conditioned to believe what you we a is a provocation it takes a lifetime to undo that damage + see that you .
he lacerated my kidney and i spent  days in the hospital because i didn t fit his idea of what a woman should be attracted to .
our bodies are not your playthings to appease your sense of desire or your need for power .
take at their word : talk about laugh at and marvel at marshall 
the hashtag reaches far and wide .
it s possible . we just have to get off our collective asses and do something about it
the only way to solve springfield s sexual harassment problem by
my hats off to you re an inspiration to all of those who care about the movement you obviously created 
tune in for our live interview with on the campaign in egypt
good luck  - i send all the support
new york detectives charged in alleged rape of   - year  - old 
like literally every single woman on earth .
i didn t either even though at  my boss ( buck naked sporting an erection ) cornered me . i escaped his rape attempt . for us both :
thought about this today after the movement . it is our responsibility to say no . 
welp guess now is as good a time as any : & i  have been in treatment for ptsd since  because of it
and i will not allow anyone else to take my power anymore
sending you love & encouragement at this time . i believe you .
i  m thinking about her as i see all these posts and becoming frustrated .
by the actions of anyone else see this irony ? maybe they should also look in the mirror and at their own network !
what needs to happen next for the campaign to fulfill it s potential  - by
what needs to happen next for the campaign to fulfill it s potential
what needs to happen next for the campaign to fulfill it s potential by
what doesn t kill you only makes you stronger ! i am a strong woman !
if you think this is restricted to hollywood you haven t been paying attention . 
me too . and for everybody else sharing i hear you . i believe you .
because it happened . because it was horrible . because i didn t tell anyone until this year . because i was terrified .
this is the benefit of denial  of  normal  t let it stop ladies ! 
sending love to those sharing their stories on
passive racism shrouded in pseudo intellect .  now there  s a campaign waiting to happen . bigots beware .
will not elaborate . and i stand and support those that have written this hashtag
nc save lovingly supports all who say and all who say and together we will all make the world a kinder place
dating someone doesn  t mean they can  t rape you .
hey there sisters of i want you to know that and
my parents don 't speak much english . even when the polices came over they didn t know how to communicate with them .
local experts from and discuss the campaign . monday on
your subtle touch against my skin your intense gaze .  you thought you were being romantic but we all know you were molesting me
i don 't know about you guys but yesterday wore me the hell out .
at     &  . find one woman on this planet that hasn t had harassment or abuse . you can t . this has to stop !
. added her voice to the campaign . listen here :
shame on you for not protecting your athletes ! thank you keep being outspoken !
so this franco m a banta of ( used as a joke in order to shame the appearance of a woman ?
.  subpoena orders trump to turn over documents from assault allegations
so no black women were harassed by only has come out . towards men or women
artist joins the movement with her hairstyle  amazing
but i don 't think it s accidental that ramping up of targeting me since  came after i physically flipped a table
for the men asking how to support the conversation might i suggest
i ask .  if we take down statues honoring confederates why not take down those of harassers & abusers ! 
how about more then victims of mr . mess ? there were a lot of s before cried foul .
a violation that can reply  - order your view of the world this has to stop .
the latest the engle man daily review ! 
i hope all of bills victims are using actually it seems anyone who is in contact with dems or hollywood libs should be using
i was six the first time a man made me feel uncomfortable  via
across the globe sharing their experiences by using the phrase now 
some of the most powerful signs from hollywood s protest 
some of the most powerful signs from hollywood  s protest
and how sad is it that pretty much every woman i know can say the same .
if i see one more what about the men i am going to flip my shit .
even the most ferocious rivers of truth can be dammed but nature laughs last . a tidal wave is coming burst from pressure of time .
what a fabulous friday ! an anonymous donor bought our clients  duffel bags off our wish list ! thank you !
i was harassed by just   fooling rivi est & the usual cover up followed there or investigation
the latest the ken baker chicago daily !  thanks to
the latest the tallaght trial o gue daily !  thanks to
lady gaga mallika dua and other celebrities share their experiences  via
those aren t the only scenarios . those are just the ones that pushed me to post it today
thank you for creating and for amplify . i got justice because of you .
until a few other girls were sexually assaulted on campus
part of the piece on the movement . are grand romantic gestures closer to harassment 
women r also part of the problem when we don 't support others
these statuses are . i  m with you . denial  of  normal  t be silenced !
from social trend to branded jeans : how the movement must lead to more 
from social trend to branded jeans : how the movement must lead to more
please share !  have you ever been harassed on the streets ?
we don 't owe you our story . were sharing to make change . 
-  things i learned from being sexually assaulted :  .
men & non binary friends who are unwillingly in the party : i believe you .
] .  he had a get out a jail free card courtesy of his arapahoe county probation officer
as we know from assaults on college campuses even that isn t enough evidence 
if made you think you might owe someone an apology you do .
think how many boys could type that wouldn  dare .
i was  . see the d with rage for years . he was small . i was tall strong an athlete . i froze from shock but i could have pounded him .
not saying  when people with so much more on the line have said it  felt cowardly .
this organization is the product of me and others standing up and saying in florence sc & the world !
find a ( w o ) man who hasn t experienced this i dare you .
phool an dev is journey is an epic story join us in supporting the film
i need absolutely no evidence to believe you sir .
mr . moore do family values include abuse ? or r u an untrustworthy hypocrite ?
i was    in a rural are a where everyone knowing everyone was dangerous when it came to
kind of missed her opportunity to & campaign  she still should 
support empowerment : did something revolutionary writes 
k  - pop star amber of f ( x ) joins movement : it happens everywhere
liberalism is a mental disorder . they  reply applauding who is a disgusting misogynist who raps rape . hypocrites one and all .
i denial  of  normal  t want my granddaughters to be women
women speak up on sexual harassment 
women speak up on sexual harassment
i  ve been sexually harassed this year and last year it made me feel uncomfortable ever since
thank you for pioneering love you and thank you for creating this space
- and instant  message sorry that instant  message seeing this everywhere .
to all the men who didn  t ask  to all of you i  ve got your number . we all do .
 i want to teach people that they have power .   -
it would probably be easier to just ask what woman hasn t been on the receiving end .
when the definition is so broad and the net is cast so wide everyone is a victim of something
> ? wants it s rule of social media social media wants prominence that rivals marches
when a big muscle  - bound man like says it should be obvious to even the dumbest that a female is never responsible . 
we had a lot to say about in the today . hint : were optimistic but there s more work ahead .
was just called a prostitute by a man because i wouldn t buy something from him .
he s so well protected . can t wait until when the campaign gets him .
why didn t i react like i thought i would ? i d been made a joke of . i had just been sexually assaulted & didn t have the backing of
zahra sidra lorraine sarah .  all must be careful . this man is a home wrecker who lures the wives of others in his trap . just like he lured mukti and cheated continuously . may he be exposed like all other perverts . 
what ?  stop discriminating against survivors of sexual assault !
just yesterday from a border guard when reply  - entering the us . at any time at any moment from anyone .
the dynamic creator of the movement is on the show right now !
for every there are countless victims who cannot share their story for countless reasons
stand together against sexual assault .
touched me in the lab even though i said no . explained . terrified to go to work for a while .
during college during my msc during my phd by colleagues by superiors by professors .  to all let s speak up !
it s not unique . it s everywhere . it s disgusting . it s time to speak up . it s time to be aware .
we speak today w / fatima goss graves and prof . leigh gilmore on & sexual harassment
about   untested kits in maryland and victim  - blamers are still wondering why the movement matters ? 
a man just followed me into cvs yelling about how juicy and fat my butt is .
but two months ago it would ve been immediately dismissed . the power of
thanks to the great by the way  - you rock !
tbt  years ago dude got butthurt i wouldn t have a  3 some so he became sort of a hateful stalker for year
when there is an imbalance of power that s when you re talking about actionable things .  - il sen . |
wellness . people are telling the secrets long held in the pit of their stomache .
and i answer back  because no one wants to turn back 
from the catcalls to the ass grab freshman year to being harassed for nudes junior year and more .
swimming in the trauma of sharing your own story can be empowering but it doesn  t alw .  via
seems like pretty much every woman has a story to share . 
& in one keynote ? and to speak on global female empowerment
-  - just my annual reminder that consent can t be given when one or more people in intoxicated !
scores of demonstrators are marching and rallying in hollywood at the march today .
he told everyone it was consensual but i said no and i said stop and he said he wasn  t finished  -  years ago
more times than i can count . i might have gotten back at a few though .
is it ever okay for uncle slee zix to slip the tongue to all the girls he meets ?
stand up to men and women who hara s people
here s the response we wanted to hear from indian men via
even caused nightmares last night but must support
news on is not just about harassment and abuse  in the workplace  .
how can graduate from moment to movement  - the hashtag has been tweeted well more than .
how can graduate from moment to movement  - the hashtag has been tweeted well more than a million .
- my story of how i was sexually assaulted by a deacon in the church i grew up in and was still attending .
instant  message one of the one in four  - and ( edit ) no longer afraid to say it .
is why i wrote  - because i know there are so many others out there affected by & predators like
actress asks if others have been harassed by using on twitter
started when i was ~  and hasn  t let up since . is an hourly occurrence . if you needed to get it you chose ignorance .
why the movement is a call to men to stand up to other men 
in the development sector . if you ve been affected ( seems too weak a word ) see this 
saying this in the support of women that were harassed and humiliated by the pathetic minds .
california s female leaders speak out
you are a brave warrior rose . you have your back & our support .
provides free confidential walk  - in services for victims
even megyn kelly says bill o  reilly harassed her . we  ve had enough .
dinmica de redes .   i was suspended from facebook for my post  by 
we need allies . we  ve been conditioned to let it go or told to calm down if we object .
celebrating release tonight . a timely read !
learn how to recognize and talk about abuse to because one more is one too many .
 by sharing our stories it s like we are still trying to be acknowledged . ed in 
unfortunately i think we all have a story or more to tell .  
jim simpson with the call to other men to take action after will we ?
powerful use of social media advocacy playing out . 
accepts lifetime achievement award closes w by the way thanks sisterhood for support w
my positions reply etc are well documented here . so i'm going to just rt this 
 rape as cost of business . poorly understood ongoing risks of must be addressed . 
i wish abusers could see these kinds of scars . 
payroll guy job who withheld my checks so i  d have to come see him . found out he stole my photos & had collection in his desk .
hey what did you know about in  to have stewie run around the mall for help ?
me too instant  message sure you too yes men too and anything at all is too much .
 the jackie lacey stand up or resign . won t hold lapd lasd accountable . no transparency  victims
actress and activist says is just the beginning of a new movement .
i can see it now :  surprize .  instead of a presidential library trump has a clown college & a prison cell !
but anymore . thank you to and every woman so brave
healing resources available ( like the to victims who have to say 
healing resources available in to victims who have to say  me too 
sex abuse cases stalk aid sector with dozens fired
i am working this weekend otherwise i would totally be there . thank you for this .
thread in progress ; please read . 
she is a strong woman . if we all speak we will all be stronger . this stops now !
every relationship i  have ever been in has had a story in her past . we hear you . ~ tim robertson
oxfam workers claim bosses harassed them 
did your customers sexually harass you at a service job ?
it changes the world to share your story . it changes you to claim it as yours .
effect ! denial  of  normal  t use his name 
real madrid spurs details here world bank odis umar mansoor mufti abdul qavi  3 rd odi
it goes without saying for myself and every woman i know .
if you hashtagged ( or just care about it ) you definitely need to see this 
can t police themselves ! we need confidential hotline outside investigator whistleblower protections 
harvey weinstein asked me for a naked massage says
welcome to basheer . yes it did remind us of the magnitude of this problem
that they need to respect everybody & every body .
hey you turned this aspiring young woman into a 
you don 't get to claim when you consented and came back for more .
give the best and most accurate desc i pti on you can in the shortest amount of time .
someone else tried to assault me because  ( insert his name here ) did it 
for everyone who is brave and bold ! rt lolly daskal
put his arm around my shoulders and pull me tight so he could smell me give me back rubs or even squeeze my hips . complaints to
of t gq n ( transgender genderqueer non conforming ) college students have been sexually assaulted ( rainn )
here are the most powerful photos from the protest in hollywood
trip advisor placed it s first warning  badges  on three resorts in mexico after repeated accusations of rape .
transparent star jeffrey tambor accused of sexually harassing his transgender assistant 
- i  ve been having a hard time figuring out how to approach this topic without alienating anyone .
teenage girls : if you thought was behaviour . it isn t . copy and paste to classmates .
tonight w / & economist anna a iz er : economics of power how to influence culture shifts
have you noticed a lot of on your social feeds lately ? here s why . 
blue . our angel pleads i believe in you lg . you will not let our angel down . your inspirational words let  me  know next move
what if all the women who had never been assaulted or harassed replied not me would anyone reply ? 
this is everywhere  it s infiltrated our industry are you listening to our stories ? do you believe us yet ? 
first time i was  years pres . of the small town bank where i worked in his  5  0 s chased me into the vault and violently groped me .
been stalked for over  years attempted kidnap the cops told me nothing to do unless they capture me
finding freedom and healing in the hashtag
no more to violence and degradation rabbi yoshi zwei back granted me permission to share his moving .
i would be more surprised if any woman said they had never been sexually harassed then if they had . 
i have no idea what you are going through but know that i believe you when you say
so overwhelmingly proud of every single woman who  ve come out with their story ! 
your iphone is categorizing bra pictures ; chrissy teigen investigates  - ny daily news 
this article offers an interesting perspective on the campaign . 
this is not one woman s problem . we are stronger together let s fight this together !
we all have been hurt all have been guilty of objectifying others . sex doesn t necessitate direction ality of abuse .
i would certainly like to think that a theatre dedicated to safe spaces would ensure that it s representatives are beyond reproach .
i too am responding to the discourse on this hash tag . it must include all victims .
is there a single woman who can answer no to this question ?
is just the beginning says creator of viral campaign  via
seems like almost every girl has gone through it it s time to talk about it !
these men rely on the shame we feel which invariably makes us silent .  but no more .
were proud to support the incredible work does to because one more is one too many .
social media movement is impacting women nationwide . 
back on with & talking about tune in at  am est .
the whole campaign is scary and eye opening
a drunk  year old should still know that  is too young . just like a drunk  year old should know  is too young .
this : because the movement is still dependent on the victims taking action and not the perpetrators . 
so i will say it again fu*k  tarantino if you are a gentleman you speak the fu*k  up and put the dog in it s place
if you ve ever been lied on by a white man say kelly apology
gen kelly apology if you ve ever been lied on by a white man say
el llega a la publicidad : my experience killed every particle of love i had for advertising via
retweet if you stand with me that no means no . period .
rank does not confer privilege or give power . it imposes responsibility .
in the mid of this nightmare wins a much  - deserved prize . well done and thanks for all this work of yours ! 
all the and have done is promote rape culture and racism .
for those struggling with the size of stats from rape crisis
this is an incredible searing read by on the moment and our  - all of us  - complicity
my friend max rosenblum writes delightful pieces of check out his new one about the campaign . !
we deserve to feel safe from the people around us .
simple yet highly creative and compelling campaign dramatizing age of consent : 
attending a fundraiser for please help this agency meet their fundraising goal
umm .  little of what people shared with the shocked you ? how ?
wonderful and fruitful conversation for making change . 
i feel like groping myself so i can get in on the action .
my mistakes aren t worse than you because instant  message a man
the opens u  a healthier more sane life . it s a difficult path but  do otherwise leaves u part of the the 
watch the campaign spread around the world on and
the train ride . the plane seat  are you sure you want the window sweetie ? 
not outside the realm of possibility . everyone should read the hashtag .
coment | kate maltby . says all you need to know about this self  - serving ridiculous article .
there are times when silence & in action by men is deafening this is one of them
didn t want to get accused of being insensitive by using the me too tag .
i support this wasn t his first and won t be his last terrible decision . justice for all inc . survivors . 
because when i told my superiors and they  looked into it  they told me they couldn  t do anything because  no one saw anything happening 
but sure you  d think i  m just exaggerating  a lack of boundaries has always been that person  s  quirky  defining characteristic .
maybe is not an attempt to accurately assess the level of the problem . have you considered that possibility ?
we have our own movement in the s da church and it s been there for a long time
this keurig is one of the best gifts i ever received ! i use it several times a day .
the latest the andrew daily !  thanks to funtcase uk reis wig r be her hassan 5
reading all the updates reminds me of a documentary we did shadows of innocence . we take a look at the .
wome who have been assaulted are both scared of opening up . provides an opportunity to do so .
you re suggesting that this bully who always talks  - sex is a victim ? you ve been had . 
elizabeth warren claire mccaskill share their experiences
. encapsulates some of my deepest anxieties about the movement that i couldn t quite put into words
i  m patiently awaiting response to but i  m starting to get upset
as a feel the need to inform you .  ron tee guard en ? he s my & definitely have been told there are others .
it s even hard to type but i know it needs to
floods social media .  read more at  -  - > 
you encouraged me to listen to my gut about what made me feel safe 
workplace harassment is real ! say something 
rape prevention tips every guy should read .
i was told that my family would be killed if i told . it was horrific . it to re me up and i wore maxi pads
i know it well i  ve experienced it in the workplace and as a pre  - teen 
to the trader who wound up a jumping penis toy during my interview to see if i liked it .
if the moment resurfaces from being hidden in your memory i pray you have the support and belief in those around you
i have witnessed managers and org . directors that take advantage of their power and harass other employers even interns .
men who are silent after it s time to speak up | tom pess ah 
men who are silent after it s time to speak up . 
men who are silent after it s time to speak up 
you are appalled at how long things go on but uh these are three whole smooth clean julian calendar years
why does this senseless shaming continue ? no one deserves to be harassed 
for those carrying their with them silently you are loved cherished and believed . you do not owe your story to anyone .
for those carrying their with them silently you are loved cherished and believed  - you do not owe your story to anyone .
(  ) voices actively suppressed by any means pointedly on exhibit currently by what says + wh daily assault on  1 stop  that am nd mt
this is wrong . people who bath in pond never unwrap as we do in bathrooms . what message u wish to convey ? don 't dilute
catholic church s advice on stopping change the culture that allows 
i have stories as do most women i know . we don 't often talk about it because it s been so normalized .
for all those stating i see you i appreciate your existence & i acknowledge your pain . &
which side is more violent ? anyone going to talk about this ? 
thank you for being a good example of a bad hombre . 
men what s your hashtag ? will u b as brave in the face of vulnerability ? #
pr news : the latest revelations :
to all on my tough  luck posting i believe you .
wouldn  t it be more profound to have all the women who haven  t been sexually harassed post so we could stare in the void ? anywho .
whilst were having this conversation can men also please stop with the hypocritical what about ism and .
a that helps you clarify what action you can take if you are being harassed . 
rape crisis center reaches out after via
retweeted gab ( so when is this story going to break ?
-          & on my birthday this year is surfacing cathartic talks for this chaplain & rape crisis guide
the story behind the origin of the viral campaign : 
the latest the studio dog daily !  thanks to
we need to educate & create awareness 
i know instant  message a few days late too this .  but
for every guy who watched unfold with heavy hearts there is something you can do . these boxes and stand together ;
has has has ? somehow the enormity of the experience is not matching the support to eradicate it . has to lead to a
o to me is an anagram of me too . that seems apt for just how many stories we now have in this great book of sorrow . a to me full .
for all of you who  ve bravely shared i hear you i see you i am you .
just maybe they finally feel empowered to speak out  -
i almost never talk about it . but in  when i was  making  an hour at a non  - profit it happened to covered it
another photo from today s march and rally in
nytimes : there were more names . of course there were . juliet macur on the movement spilling into sports :  
there were more names . of course there were . juliet macur on the movement spilling into sports :
maureen mo ryan is one of the best television critics in the business . her story is devastating . 
a movement has begun  -  - a national conversation is underway . let s keep up the momentum of 
i wrote a post and facebook suspended me via
undergrad advisor to freshman year me  why are you bothering studying engineering you  reply just going to be somebody  s trophy wife 
me too . please stop making us prove this is a problem !
thank you for this ! we need men in the fight ! 
retweeted amna those who are posting don 't owe you their story and for those who say
well said . it s unfortunate when political parties make it their tool . it hurts survivors rather than help them !
thank you . it s hard because some of the biggest bullies are in the church .
what is interesting is painted two of as if she couldn  t escape the re curing trauma of her rape .
thank you for starting this movement ! here is my post .
i was abused by my grandfather at  and sexually harassed everywhere i worked in my  2  0 s .
i talked to will become a movement ? are viral hashtags momentary or more profound ?
is that a real picture of them ? no ? then use a picture that doesn t sexualize women in the law . we aren t all skinny and beautiful . 
law firm love arbitration because of gravy train settlements they conceal screwing victims .
i was never raped but sexually assaulted in third grade .
supporting this hashtag because they deserve to feel secure !
the only person i ever told was my wonderful wife but
as vocal as i am about the issue of rape i don 't know why i ever did . but no longer will i ever .
props to for not jerking off in front of people don 't start the trend now .
a man is known by the company he keeps
shared my story about molestation and banned me to silence my story
is unveiling the power of with each post comment & reaction
just noticed they gave the hashtag an emoji and i have mixed feelings about it .
most of the times even with the years you continue with flashbacks in nightmares while you are sleeping .
goodreads asked for a   - sentence horror story . here s mine : he was warned he was given an explanation . nevertheless he persisted .
watch even some of the most powerful in government are saying
i got one . i  have been lucky but do have one story to tell .
really good piece from a for clueless men 
the gut  - wrenching story of the origin of a movement created by  years ago . 
your mohn interview was professional and powerful . thank you !
this is how institutional misogyny is ingrained in our culture . she didn t allege she shared her story ! 
hundreds march in support of campaign  via
you never really recover ; it becomes a part of who are . some wounds never heard and some scars are invisible .
the latest the gist podcast daily !  thanks to
not enough characters for all the times ask me . i ll tell u
 this isn  t a new problem  : survivors allies host rally in vancouver
thoughtful and good read : how zero tolerance polices backfire in the age of via
retweeted albert lombard ( france : complaint lodged against islamist thinker .
according to and santa clara if you think she s dead that s consent right ? grotesque 
since there are not many corners left to hide in let  s stay hopeful that this can be resolved . we do indeed need answers .
my sister wrote about oregonians sharing their stories 
and that time a man asked my husband if he could borrow me later on .
if you want to get a sense of how has spread
. joins us to talk about her tweet and updates us about sen jeff kruse 
today at thoughts on racism youth ministry & more from co  - moderator
if influencial women have been victims . it must be frightening what regular odin ary simple women go through .
read spread and speak up . unfortunately me too . 
what could the movement and movie possibly have in common ? find out . 
a simple exercise for opening eyes . thank you
the movement was actually launched over  years ago by a black activist via
the movement was actually launched  years ago by a black activist :
for all the woman that were forced to become kick ass single moms
it s harder for me to think of a woman that hasn t been sexually assaulted than to think of one that has . makes you think doesn t it ?
thanks lindy west . brave enough to be angry
and honestly probably to every woman you ve ever known .
never be afraid to speak up . thank you all for your bravery .
of course seriously tell me one woman that hasn t ? !  
now this news : artist laetitia ky is saying with her hair
oh i believe everything about this story . you disgust me .
you know how they say it  s usually someone you already know ? it  s true .
thinking of story while listening to and reporting 
please name your perpetrator ( s ) . replace with etc . let s support them !
maybe someone who was nowhere near these very moments will finally get it .
important piece by and colleagues on the movement . 
in campaign america ferrera alleges she was only  when she was sexually assaulted
in campaign america ferrera alleges she was only  when she was sexually assaulted 
bolly hungama : here  s how is extending her support to campaign on sexual harassment  
pervs are pervs no matter the age trust me i know
beyond how privilege and skewed power structures silence by  via
as you read through still breathing you  reply taken on a voyage through time .
woman a new film by yann arthus bertrand & anastasia miko va youtube . on the back of watch & weep for us 
in communities where there is no so okay not   cool and go  ahead don 't c are va ? and then there is
how to be an ally via be a better ally and stop the  harvey weinstein culture   -  2 civility 
report weir stein bcos they wanted a breakthrough it doesn t need a rocket scientist to figure that out whaz .
a1 : were you surprised to see the large numbers ?
bosses friends work colleagues . yes me too .
the fact that i  m a  woman in the us who has never been sexually assaulted shouldn  t be statistically improbable
i don't know if it s a consequence for women to speak out and support each other in this . 
the latest the project box daily !  thanks to
it  s been  years since i was sexually assaulted and  years since i was raped . i didn  t deserve it nor does anyone else .
i pledged to not sexually harass you i pledged to not make you feel uncomfortable i pledged not be the one to make you say
the entire point of the campaign put concisely
why not credit the black activist who is the originator of the campaign ?
victim survivor woman . what s the difference ?
for one friend it was the worry that her story wasn t as horrible as others ; would posting it therefore be disrespectful ?
i didn t understand how widespread rape was . then the penny dropped thank you for this 
all these stories are heartbreaking . what s even more heartbreaking is that none of this surprises me . instant  message so sorry charis .
there is a man out there who thinks he is a feminist and he is currently harassing me
you hit the nail on the head . thank you for sharing ! 
the editorial board : the momentum gained by cannot stop once weinstein s face leaves the  hour news cycle .
seattle anchor amity add risi shares personal story :
amity add risi shares personal story  via
amity add risi shares personal story
seattle anchor amity add risi shares personal story
as a woman in the beer industry instant  message screaming
definitely been harrassed never assaulted . i am blessed . this is heartbreaking .
he was my boss i was told by a female lawyer for the institution i should be flattered 
i love that you said clean & vacuum . i love  wash dishes . it s the warm water & white noise .
. . . how about it abusers ( regardless of gender ) ? you want to own up to or no  
those who are yet support or his enabler are far  from or from finding peace
for the victims treated as defendants . for the survivors who matter . for us . for all of us .
who else is a  well known sack of s* * t   ? why wouldn  t you let a journal is know before he does it to someone else ?
what if i didn  t feel like i had to hide behind a mask of a twitter
latest pleasure do me column is up on bitch  - flirting in the age 
- i don 't know any woman who can t use that hashtag tonight .
what were you wearing why didn  t you do  _ _ _ _ why didn  t you report it ! e t c we will always have people saying
you can be sexually harassed .  from virtually every profession and walk of life .  in this mornings
is harvey weinstein an abusive man ?
because silence empowers our aggressors but our voices diminish them .  the normalizing of rape and assault  
something that started with us is now so much bigger than us tessa thompson says of hollywood and
 i was just kidding .   you need to be able to take a joke . 
we managed to kind of push him off us and i yelled at him essentially to just get away ( w / some profanity laced in )
- never identified as a never the  hoe of  today i  d be  sensitive .  since repeated explicit rp rts feeling sick & yuck 
join in support of special event rsvp
on  i was raped by someone in my social circle who lived  floors above me in my dorm .
another infuriating piece to add to your reading stream this time by the mighty 
oklahoma has some unique twists on the problem of so a long  wonder if this dude
convicted mine got  consecutive life sentences . he died in prison where he belonged .
because being harassed and stalked should never be validated by : well you re a pretty girl .  it should not be tolerated .
both and have already told you to quit . more will do same . it s official : are not wanted in the or anywhere else . 
poignantly beautiful luna . thank you for sharing . sister .
i see you   all hurting from . i love you   all . maybe a prayer zoom call soon ?
fortunately i have hope strength and positivity . reach out if you need some extra .
uma thurman on i  have been waiting to feel less angry to speak out
last question : what s your message to a fellow survivor ?
in light of any wome interested in sharing their thought for
interesting to see you outraged over the allegations made against where were you last year ?
instant  message a little late to the party but .
me too : sex had an effect on my job hunt 
all i did was reply to his it s time to sign up for obamacare tweet with
thank you for tweeting with us on tonight ! here s a link to the segment :
thanks for giving me the chance to speak up again 
brava that was a brave and powerful opening . thank you
the campaign is helping in real ways 
- worth the time . listen to talk 
as more share their stories via are you reconsidering comments or behaviors that you once thought harmless ?
i was asked to do the opening ceremony at the rally . then us indigenous sisters stood together to remember .
don 't keep it a secret . don 't let them get away with it .
something to think about & share folks .  
is a war zone for they re fighting back . but how can the campaign help them ? tourism has already been gutted  \  _ 
thank you i had not yet seen and retweeted this . because yep . more than once .
while takes off on social media perhaps we all should complete the picture with and
i stand with every victim of harass men
this thread  - read the comments  - sort  of 
spoke in today to commend & call for debate on
princeton ywca poetry slam asks what s after ? via this is why we denial  of  normal  t come forward
keep the conversation alive don 't let it back into the shadows .
has been a catalyst of sorts for me . so while i can  t bring myself to share i  m thankful for the catharsis it  s brought me .
instant  message rting tweets for the reason mr hatter eloquently stated below 
singer jennifer ferguson accuses top sports administrator of rape  via
 just die already you old dirty fuck .
better get used to it . it s not going to stop anytime soon . this is the new 
let s actually get to work and do some serious house cleaning 
the hashtag is loud and clear across my social networks .
you deserve support if you re in crisis were here for you  at :  [ art by ]
the hashtag reinforces your offenders control over the situation . 
 stolen cars ? lapd having sex & raping  1  4 year  old cadet in exchange  gifts + joy rides .
the seismic implications of this is a larger cultural change away from patriarchy 
i was  by my uncle until  . i was too afraid to tell blamed myself .
remember when trump claimed he had one of the greatest memories of all time .  
to all those on we ( men ) are listening . we ( men ) need to do better .
i need a list of all the pervs projects in because i will definitely boycott their work !
every woman has a story of abuse from her past .
to all who use the hashtag you are loved you are worthy you are stronger than i every could be
i highly recommend therapeutic services & so many health centers offer it now i . e . has social workers 
s a football chief accused of rape stays silent .
we were dating but that still didn  t give him any right to my body
you advertise with sean hannity who defends pedophiles . please stop enabling this abhorrent behavior . until you do i will boycott your resorts & urge my friends to do the same .
you advertise with sean hannity who defends pedophiles . please stop enabling this abhorrent behavior . until you do i will stop buying your products & urge my friends to do the same .
the campaign is literally a response to weinstein
appropriation of the hashtag for victims of sexual assault 
i realized how rampant the problem was when we had a freshman workshop at in   .
instead of this is to create awareness not to b used for hogwash n politics undermines the campaign purpose 
we don 't have to save our girls instead educate our boys to behave .
2 x in college . once on my first business trip . my  1  7 year  old already can say once .
the more we speak out about the monsters that hurt us . the more aware we make other become
in a new video ashley judd shares more details about her story
share of global while the world is busy tweeting about and
stand up and let all the sisters out there know that they are not alone in this .
retweeted michelle malkin ( joining now to talk news &
i only regret that i didn t make more scenes but instant  message sure i have plenty left in me  via
the  click  moment : how the weinstein scandal unleashed a tsunami
4 years old ! & his dissent was that short of death forcible compulsion ( sodomy ) did not apply because the child didn t resist enough !
i am reasonably certain as a species we will do nothing on this list we need a for the planet 
] i am divorced from that evil man dbp since  after  horrible years married to him . &
gentlemen . clearly we have a lot of work to do . this is not okay .
because although i count myself lucky and i  have yet to meet a woman who hasn t .
this was a tough read from contribution to well done for sharing .
being aware of this fact should temper our language but not our ability to speak .
i know it is hard . i am in the u . s . but i am of british ancestry . i will not leave you behind .
powerful photos from the march in hollywood
great piece rebecca . thanks for covering !
to the neanderthals out there don 't say or do anything to a woman you would not want said to your mother or daughter .
minimizing my own experience all these years i unwittingly played a role in minimizing it for everyone
ladies this is about you ! meet | psychology today 
so doesn  t work for me . feels much better . more appropriate . you can quote me on that .
i think feminism move needs some introspection
is very strong in dev orgs including and  - they also need a safety programme to 
and for any  me  who doesn  t yet have the strength for their  too  know we stand in solidarity with you now and always .
bay state  s female pols share moments  via >
he slam : bay state  s female pols share moments  via >
beautiful words from  - thank you for placing the on us on the aggressors and not the victims . 
sadly it s societies negative reactions to male rape and the stereotypes associated with being less manly and or gay 
want to take action on here are some resources . 
many many times as a child a teenager & as an adult
every single woman has a story . if that doesn t terrify you then you re the problem .
you can thank the passionate and dedicated for being the true mother of the movement |
is looking over the world waiting to return
because after all the fuss the hashtag made the creepy guy at the gym still won t back off
the latest the fraser  - valley daily !  thanks to
the latest the infinite smile daily !  thanks to
it s my personal story one you bury and then a reminder happens .
an open letter to editors rejecting submissions by victims : treat us as you would
is this truly what every victim hopes to hear ? i  m divided 
listen to you low life scum by old skool queen e on 
i was too shameful guilty and scared to speak up . so i honor so many this year
where does this end ? call him out ? scream him out ! we could all use a little phool an devi right now !
in case wasn t personal enough here are some more heartbreaking stories from 
i just  somehow  feel like my experiences weren  t  bad enough  to say 
i just  somehow  feel like my experiences weren  t bad enough to say 
in  case you missed  it : spoke to auth our lauren mckeon about the campaign : 
grateful for the release and empowerment by sharing and the conviction  never again ! 
but the harvey weinstein ( s ) don 't need to be our future . 
in my support to movement and seriously we are in  and predators like animals are .
. i have forgiven but never forgotten . the forgiveness allows me to have peace and freedom in my life to soar .
be aware . this is their take action cc dr 
a christian male response to smash the patriarchy  - missio alliance  via
sad that so many of us share a bond through such an act of evil
are you kidding me ? if a woman is intoxicated it s not a green light to assault her against her will .
on nov .  strike against sexual harassment and assault !
even if you fall today tomorrow s battle has yet to be fought .
she was so heartfelt on meet the press . i can t get over her interview . !
terrifying to read . excellent reporting by 
adding to the conversation : what s the magic we start to believe ? 
how to make a full  - time income working part  - time from anywhere  - wifi million are ==>
in the humanitarian world op ed by a pair of anonymous aid workers for
my personal choice for a response to the hashtag is
so it turns out was created ten years ago by this amazing woman .
our nov28 program : join us at noon : on the job and in school : then and now 
your can be a shout or a whisper or not said at all . we support you no matter what you choose .
we got   to change people no more business as usual ! 
i am reading this now and as a wistle blower feel so validated and sick at the same time 
freshman year . someone i thought i could trust .
this is the kind of stuff that destroys victims & leaves them scarred for life .
sending you all the love and strength you need
last line : don 't read a list like this and think that most of these don 't apply to you . well i did and it doesn t . 
we believe you . thank you for trusting us to be witnesses to your story and healing .
the latest the tweet worthy daily ! 
rt has your daughter been sexually harassed ?  via
every woman has a story . it s time to listen .
women share stories of harassment : via
women share harassment stories with
remember when i got mansplained about catcalling by an ally
because i couldn t sleep last night reflecting on what has meant in my life .
i promise to stay if you promise to never leave .  the story behind the !
smeared my name through the mud to everyone . there is a pattern with the holy rollers . one filthy lot . vengeful . several of them .
when i asked why he raped me he said he deserved it . like a payment owed in exchange for him being a friend to me .
this gathering put me in touch with my first girlfriend to offer support . she sent me 
. shares her story with wake up columbia now on  fuck   me and .
tune in kuc i  .  9 fuck   me to hear talk about her 
you don 't have to be nice . you don 't need to be one of the guys . you don 't need to giggle or laugh . don 't equivocate .
it s time to change to in the ad world  - and beyond : i pg just .
compelling defense of  old  - fashioned  rules of journalism in the digital and era .  
q1 : let  s talk about what are your thoughts on the hashtag  s impact ?
men are sharing how they will change in response to
we  reply live outside tune in . 
know that you aren t responsible for the actions of others and know that you aren t alone .
dagg another minion of satan trying to steal kill and destroy our peace our joy .  won t work
and so it begins more than  sign letter denouncing in world 
- too many fucking times to recall . our pure existence is seemingly an open invitation .
lucky to have been present for this interview today 
where s monica ? file a lawsuit like summer zer vos is doing . it s long overdue .
interesting how ( nearly ) every man is outing himself as a bull
i have been invited to share my opinion on the hashtag by doc thompson host of the morning blaze a mix .
is trending globally . sad to say i too have been been sexually harassed .
retweet this if you commit to believing survivors instead of questioning or shaming them .
your geography nor your gender should determine access to justice . my take on  -  - >  via
point blank : touching me there makes me feel vulnerable . stop it . via
and thank you for your beautiful words ! had to borrow them and share
quartz : how can artificial  intelligence treat human & social algorithms properly 
add a hashtag . there are many reports coming in .
the hotel then accused me of being a prostitute which made me feel almost more violated
why do i still feel guilty after all these years for wanting to say out loud
i was  years old ( probably earlier actually ) when it started .
bravo ! like those who have the courage to stand up to bullies and fascists deserve many kudos .
thank you . see also about the sexual harassment of librarians .
.  by another man in the street which i had the misfortune of running into twice .
this is part of why we  reply holding an in  - person gathering in 
roy moore is this why you  reply hiding ? sees you ! 
and every woman i know . too many times to count .
absolutely loved this . thank you for writing ! 
incredible coverage of  - proud to be a part of this 
once again i tried telling everyone & no one listened . 
watch : how is helping + where you can get help 
the chorus of caused me to re examine some highly normalized ( but very fucked ) experiences . i wrote about it for 
this powerful piece by the brilliant is a must  - read  via
just so were clear was started by a black woman via
both in the wake of hollywood  s reputation management machine is in crisis .
if we  reply saying why not name the harassers ? 
at  still painful to remember  years later . still get angry .
why are we screaming for harvey weinstein  s head other harassers have faded into the woodwork ? 
it was a lifetime ago for me yet it still creeps up from time to time ( too often ) .
stand up and support each other . together we change the future . 
i was wearing cargo shorts and a t  - shirt . delete your hateful and ignorant tweet  - you  ve been told otherwise .
thanks to for standing definitely with the victims . 
the power of the sheer numbers of  - we are on the cusp of an opportunity
oh and of course more times than i initially remembered .
i was wrong to let you get past the door
very relevant with all this news and and also just every fucking day
help raise funds to process rape kits :
. closes roskam lauds gop tax plan lucas windfall & what to do post  - the morning
today as always the emotional labo to prove an oppression exists falls on the most marginalized : those carrying this trauma
as a child but somehow kept my power
the latest the smart city daily ! 
breanna stewart says that she was molested as a child  -  - as she shares her story :
just saw the message was very clear . we cannot undermine the strength and dream of .
first time that i remember i was  or  . that s what people often misunderstand  - how early it can start .
i promise you will survive our rage . we have lived in fear of yours for so long . at in 
come join the discussion today in bare field at  !
keep the stories coming ladies . 
i hope everyone is paying attention and
too many . to all who are saying and those still yet to come forward we owe you safety . stop ignoring the facts .
get angry . take action . 
it s not what you re wearing it s not how much you ve had to drink it s not if you seem flirty it s not if everyone else fell asleep
now that you see the magnitude with which spread please make the connection of why many of us use
was locked in a bricked room with a steel door by a man from my church
this was beautiful shared for their wife . thank
let out a distinct & weary sigh at the start of on tonight ( like  here we go again  )
we grow too soon old too late smart 
appreciable comment by ( the world is with you ) read this article once 
charlie carver wilson cruz & tony goldwyn share their sexual harassment stories
this is exactly how it was with my ex . if you ever want to talk about it i  m here !
the latest color the world daily ! 
the  me too  that jesus gives us will change us forever . 
me too . no i don 't mean  - though that too . today my left shoulder chimed in .
most read : being smart didn t stop amal clooney from having her own moment . ( by
women share stories of assault 
even in  gender equal  sweden  s media industry 
he s a military vet . trained in mortal combat with a body that s a lethal weapon . he can take me out in one blow . you fight him off !
 colossal scale of the problem  truer words haven  t been spoken  - 
in the studio ! coming up soon with jade harrell ! let  s get it together ! conversation :
can i just say that therapy is really helpful and it  s never too late to begin healing ?
rally to be held today in hollywood
rally to be held today in hollywood 
i have never eaten a shirt . not sure that is even possible . i love you bjork . and n to to diminish .
tweeting seems to think all sex assaults & homicides in are results of islam 
i  have reply  - written this tweet  + times . all i have to say is
i said no . i was then gas lighted and then later raped after i had taken my anxiety meds and was asleep .
that  s right ny should be ashamed to be essentially tied with archaic alabama ! 
it just struck me : in what other situation would you accuse someone ( or yourself ) of being too friendly ?
a friend and neighbor who luckily i was strong enough to fight off
this will stay pinned to remind us who trump really is .
one time i was on an international flight trapped in a window seat by a man who wanted me to see him jerking off .
so i take it the phenomenon probably doesn t mean too much the monsters at 
i may have been encouraged w / meeting someone named by one of them .
welcome to excellent advice  -  -  - > talk about it even if anonymously
- my take on the brilliant article by my friend 
when i wouldn t submit he told my colleagues we were having an affair . they broadcast it to my field .
my coworker used as a punchline to his joke today . i had to regulate . he was not ready .
i never told my parents why i quit science .
thank you for explaining why i can t bring myself to type the words 
pure joy to start the conversation at w / talented artist advocates
abbie is a good and honorable woman . so proud that she spoke up .
the latest east valley home news ! 
when you were married to an nfl player and are a victim of domestic violence
numerous times by a relative strangers bosses
named world s most dangerous city for via
my past does not define me but it is a part of me that can never be forgotten .
there s a special place in for women who do not support other women .
the latest color me read daily ! 
anyone else feel physically exhausted by the revelations of the last month ?
starting in  minutes join us on to talk about 
my primary goal as a father to two boys is to make it so the hashtag changes from to
tonight s episode of was so powerful and timely .
beautiful world hugs  who tweeted
wow ! the balls it took to suggest such a mix . = it s a new world gold a 
hits silicon valley but can it bring change ? 
hits silicon valley but will it bring change ?
hits silicon valley but can it bring change ?  via
the movement is sadly an everything issue .
obama takes the stage in thanks teases  says and more in today  s
no need to share details . it happened to
i am just one of the many women who ve been sexually assaulted or harassed . i am just 
for all of the women that have been sexually assaulted or harassed
i am not guilty !  right song  - who s sorry now ? 
harassment has nothing to do with who you are what you do what you want . it s just about power
in school at concerts in stores in a church at a county fair at the gas station on a plane in broad daylight & everywhere  -
accused holds defiant  second press conference it did not go well ! 
global moment : the anatomy of a viral campaign
saying pig alert in this case disparages pigs . 
i don 't have similar experience but i wish the world could have fewer
you say what most of us can t . i was  when i was raped by another student . i told my guidance counselor who didn t believe me .
for all the brave women saying  - view my  women are not weapons of war  
is harvey weinstein a victim of displaced anger ? 
exactly . every woman knows it s not it s because there s not a woman over the age of  who hasn t been .
ha ! saw my rant ? donate 2 help her org she s original creator 
me too . but really what woman hasn  t been at this point . seriously .
we are here for each and every survivor . is available if and when you  reply looking for a confidential source .
bill o reilly files defamation lawsuit against former politician
bill o reilly files defamation lawsuit against former politician 
hits the church of england  why things may never change
this isn t everything yet .  but still illustrates the strength of the movement on twitter .
i learned today that i  m not the only one who didn  t tell my husband . 
women i d as assault harassment victims
sarah polley took the words out of my mouth . 
friends ! the wants to hear from you ! what should come next after the campaign ?
current thoughts on & who take our vocal i sing & mobilising personally &  us some more  -
here is a piece i wrote about the victims letter 
hear share insights on avoiding a situation on this top  - rated
oh i have a story i wish i could tell .
you low life scum by queen e song  comfort to & t
folks have the right to express their pain on their terms . let them
freshman year of college . he came to my dorm to help me study . it was all a ruse .
the latest the un mesh brah me daily !  thanks to
my family wonders why i despise him so much . if they would have believed me years ago they would know .
now that story is out will people finally believe ?
if he were nominated today clarence thomas would not be confirmed as there would be an overwhelming number of posts .
fascinating .  meet the woman who started  years ago via
meet the woman who started  years ago
meet the woman who started  years ago via
here s my assaulter s  winter collection . sentenced to life in prison in  . explain this .
( on both sides but instant  message trying to change )
the answer to is better sex education
yep school work personal
via post secret the values ( ? ) taught at an early age .
strategy worked well for me . i had tape to use if he ever bothered me again & he dropped out of program before end of year .
and most of my friends through the years from different parts of the country . 
to all my friends who are able to say : we are not defined by our abusers but rather our survival in spite of them .
this is what the march in hollywood looks and sounds like
is the fact that shaped the law propelling the campaign forward ? more :
and frankly i don 't want to share my me too story . am i a jerk ? maybe . but i have to do what s best for my well being .
what a superb debate on good job ma am . big fan of yours
- it s all the same fight : silence is not scream shout yell roar  - meow . we roar . 
guess i  m going to marie callender  s for dinner tonight ! 
men are using to back the twitter campaign .
i wrote it and erased it three times : thank you for writing this . 
consent  in case you  reply confused .
i thought it was supposed to just be a instagram post but my heart had more to say . 
the important next steps after are prevention voice and consequences .
literally on my way to work this morning
the ugly truth of print shows penises and | print media centr  via
there s a reason why i don 't like going places alone
the latest live from the missing  in  action with lorenzo ! 
. on from expert i hope this emphasizes how widespread this issue is 
anything else you want to strip from me ? try it laughing  my ass  off
thanks for exploring activism . is pictured here helping us understand the significance of
erin stewart : how makes me want to raise a better son
not easy : churches grappling & unknown sex offenders 
but i punched the guy in the mouth afterwards . felt better .
it  s because i  m a woman . it  s because i  ve been there . it  s because i have a daughter . it  s because i hope she never has to write
not one name to a claim . way to do nothing .
flip flop ? try totally embellished ? liz warren  s  me too  flip  - flopped old tale 
spoiler alert : these are immensely frustrating .  men on why they didn t speak up to stop harassment at work 
credit for this isn t mine she has absolutely nailed it . how many will come forward and admit they just stood by ?
before there was : missouri v . celia a slave . she killed the white master raping her . she hung for it . 
today s episode of the newsworthy talks &  - all in less than  1  0 minute . listen :
it happened twice w an intimate partner and once w a prof that i had trusted for years .
for everyone out there who has gone through this it some things we all can get through together !
opinion | the raw power of with my comment
you are such an inspiration and the work you have done and are doing is impacting so many people .
-  - > is there any woman who does not have experience that qualifies this status ? heartbreaking .
does anyone have any questions for us ? feel free to ask !
i don 't like bernie sanders . i posted on and my story was rt d . i complained . if you are referring to me you are sadly mistaken .
many degrading incidents but  that haunts me is a near miss when i trusted my gut and ran instead of being polite i believe you
it can t just be about knowing it happens it has to be about how we talk about it too my new piece : 
let s not forget that also preyed on children . told us her story .
i spoke out against and was told to be quiet i am disinclined to acquiesce to that request . 
director rob reiner warns of more harvey weinstein s n hollywood 
brilliantly written on harvey weinstein and the economics of consent 
.  we all nod and accept it as a fact of life . this is not okay .
the voices of weinstein  s accusers have torn the fabric of patriarchy ( via 
thankful to & for focusing on local resources for survivors of 
is this the official position or is this nut acting alone ?
he told me he loved me and we needed to prove it .
reading listening to and learning . we have so much work to do .
. bravely said what is usa gymnastics going to do ?
survivors don 't owe you anything . you owe it to your humanity to stand up to harassment and injustice in all forms .
for everyone who has posted is there for you with resources and support :
me too . posted this .  is it a coincidence that i have this handle name ? i stand with all . i am a warrior . all are .
and that the tag is jesus christ a mighty as a hip hop fan i got   to lie down
i ll keep walking & minding my own business thank   you .
- and i hate that male predators are now co  - opting this phrase .
named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators | jessica valenti
named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators | jessica valenti 
named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators 
billy graham s grandson on horrors of sex abuse in church : abusers prayed while molesting 
you would think after the past  weeks would be obvious but it s not . sister on why it should be
i was thinking i miss for the social issue segments . i appreciate this segment on
the sex of the victim matters in cases 
no because used me missing a huge chuck on the help affected .
hope you will not ask to first written complaint ? ? 
it is a powerful feeling to know i am not alone
i don 't really want   to get too into the details but
when i was in rome . it  s been nearly two years and i still get anxious at the slightest touch sometimes .
will only work if it tackles the cause of sex abuse  via
the campaign needs to continue beyond the firestorm  -
] .  be mentally prepared for a  year long courtroom series of events that you have to be tough for .
survivors march draws hundreds of supporters in california 
survivors march draws hundreds of supporters in california  via
survivors march draws hundreds of supporters in california
courageous breaker of records shatter er of silence speaker of truth bringer of sunlight 
was a product of the society staying silent for too long
qayamat . !  may be this male model is wearing this in solidarity with maya ali for
the well what about & don 't forget posts feel like the vs tension
men need help . keep a prayer for us as we out wrongdoing .  
have to wonder about that young  year old woman . does she now say 
i  ve always just ordered spaghetti plain thinking people may think i had italian blood on my food because of that day .
the avalanche of should be overwhelming .  and powerful but it  s not a surprise . just by growing up .
denial  of  normal  t be fooled it can happen in a relationship
if you are struggling with and have questions about how to do better ask me anything anonymously here :
are unjust feelings of sham destroyed when you learn you  reply not alone ? s
back online after a few days off the grid . suppose i should also chime in with sigh .
fearing trust and letting go have been some tricky steps for me .
products with big voices never win in the end it s the lighter tighter quieter beter tek will b the victor go
inspired by i talked to a sexist i actually love via
inspired by i talked to a sexist i actually love :
would make much more sense but still let them see how big their impact is
r & b singer reveals manager told her to  have abortion  or leave
don 't forget it : was created by a black woman 
thanks for the shout  - you are my amazing friend . 
-  - let s take action and put pressure on not   cool legislators !  via
sending love and support to all of those posting
bawling at work while reading all these posts . yep .
a frame etc please signature tough  luck petition to expel producers guild prez made a stolen a framer script white .
started when i was  until i was   - you never really get over it  - you just become stronger and more perceptive
okay so i have enough other trauma that it barely even registered but it was still shitty and yeah
because when i was little i was told  if he hits you that means he likes you  .
was discussing with my friend . she recommended to wath the movie  - important one !
i can t remember the last time i dressed up and didn t experience at least one leer . 
gyrating his hips . i sent him to the dean only to have him come back a few short minutes later with no hint of a consequence
you miss today s episode ? we talked & check it out :
it s the reason i became a black belt when i was younger and why i have your back unequivocally if you re like me too .
morning coffee : meet the man who would be the next james gorman . the of finance
thank you for your courage . we are stronger together . this is the moment where we say enough .
for many the movement might be just flash in the pan . a fly  - by  - night headline that goes viral for a while .
such strength to come forward i support you and all others with stories like this .
 there is a person with a story behind every single  -
reese you must be the star in the film be fierce gretchen carlson s book and all of us can speak out just do it ! now
great sexy cruises . i  m more interested to hear a response about
yes i  have been cat called whistled at and harassed on the run . 
thank you alyssa for giving all of us a voice .
i dream of a word where we no longer need hashtags like and i dream of one that describes us all
catherine zeta  - jones would be justified feeling assaulted by the vulgar & misogynistic comments in this film
i can feel myself getting worse at playing .
usc students made a petition to remove bryan singers name from the school of cinematic arts 
feel like giving up on the human race ?
in light of is broadway going to address it s forgiveness of their current phantom ? 
shone a light on but remains hidden to health care systems around the world . let s and
luckily none of the rest of my family is on twitter . was about to make a post of my own .
a1  minute he was massaging my back the next minute he was ramming himself in me . i was scared i wdnt make it out alive
i didn  t know what it was because i was told that he  didn  t mean it that way  .
great job every one who supports on list 
using the campaign as a teachable moment : how to talk to your kids about and
this douche thinks it s okay to keep and on television .
i was assaulted at a halloween party on a full dance floor . a wasted stranger shoved his 
thanks founder +  all of you fabulous strong powerful me too  s 
this . what   ever been so conditioned to doubt and deny our own daily experience at a macro and micro  - level . 
after new offers resources to survivors struggling with ptsd :
just because you re dating that person doesn t mean it s always okay
from noon sunday to tuesday am used on twitter   times per spokesman as reported by
were here . were willing to listen . we can help . come by the chaplains office 
an important public  service  announcement for those who are saying in their hearts . 
you want to for you can in your own community change the world  abroad ! become an 
and kill my marine husband who ate bugs in nam . why do u love russians & fetuses more than me ? i paid taxes . 
and the question of power . how we view it without thinking about it . 
it s all about gives me goose bumps and most importantly hope . we can do things better .
thierry march al  - beck accus il clture son compte twitter 
i  have been too long and i just .  have nothing left this time around .
the first rape stripped me to my bones forcing me to rebuild .  years later i was raped by a woman this left me hollow for years .
the latest becoming a gospel music artist ! 
thank you for taking a stand we must not be silent any longer !
a created the campaign against  years ago 
another step in the campaign . glad to be a part of it ! 
if you re feeling overwhelmed or unsure of how to help here are some tips for being a supportive friend .
always in public because they assumed the crowd is there to protect them and my voice would be drowned in the noise . never again .
this . while well  - intentioned didn  t sit right with me personally . why should i be victimized again ? i  m .
ugh . it s not okay . it s not your fault . it wasn t mine .
i am wrong . the number of coming from the west is staggering .
as a journalist the magnitude of this movement is astounding . as a young bisexual woman 
what i your biggest fear in sharing your experience ?
beautiful illustrations about survivors  reactions to & how we need a more nuanced conversation
let us monday chat ! join in with  ist don 't forget to
looking forward to you  reply swearing into our us senate !
my mom attempting to hashtag but you   all get the point .
thank you ! as a democrat in r i i stand in the who feel delorenzo  s comments contradict our views 
thank you for your clear well thought out words natalie guest as always
over a million stories . as we have heard your words and we commit to taking action .
u . s . share their sex harassment stories  via
my girl is so strong ! we stand together and we rise above !
my story what did you learn from it ? would love to hear
gentlemen it s time to stand up speak up step up .  - ( )
because no one should be afraid of someone knowing where they live
if you need me i ll just be here typing me too in fb comments all day .
i think behavior in the workplace has changed but not enough .
bad news as tests can  t measure trump or anyone else in trouble  - via
make your way to the second floor of the sub  -  - our panel is starting soon !
is a topic that is starting conversation all over the world . who we should be educating in our households . 
what about female sexism and sexist complicity ?
is it just me or is it pretty shocking about all of the guys also saying
so the part : i was grabbed by the pussy when i was like  in a babbage s . while shopping for computer games .
is it okay for him to touch me there in the public library ? were not even dating .
i was scrutinized . i drank every single day . almost killed myself . camera crews were everywhere . it was beyond a nightmare .
can one register for if they  ve received one too many unsolicited pictures asking for a friend .
bill o  reilly files  million defamation lawsuit over facebook post a detailed fac .  via
bill o reilly sues for  million over facebook post
bill o  reilly files  million defamation lawsuit over facebook post
bill o  reilly files  million defamation lawsuit over facebook post via
bill o  reilly files  million defamation lawsuit over facebook post 
meet | psychology today  my hero today
meet | psychology today  you are my hero today !
a teacher . when i was  . a date a boyfriend i ll never be over it and never get over it .
proud of caucus for taking a strong stance on this issue . too many stories at 
 harvey weinstein s former assistant breaks non  - disclosure agreement  
remember not only deal with this intimidation & shame . many have as well !
work w numbers read it anyone under the age of  !
oh my god this !  so love this woman 
i  ve been struggling with how much i  m comfortable with sharing over the last few days but
the producer was a female . did you forget to mention that ?
a way to have a critical conversation at your campus or company
monsters really do exist but not in your closet or under the bed . #
new post : the ugly truth of print shows penises and
thank you to all the survivors who are telling their stories .
 where does information like go when undercurrents strong and from unexpected places ?
for those of us who say this clip is so familiar . it s what a predator does : becomes angry blames victim . no more !
 it  s my sincerest hope that we let the initiative develop scale + stabilize before we critique attack it .  
thank you so much for making the time to talk about on your
i had a stalker in college . luckily residential advisers at listened & took swift action .
survivors can without tweeting it . it is a personal choice .
my first job out of college by a co  - worker . it is not okay anytime or anywhere .
india urges private sector to report sex pests after
harvey weinstein is another donald trump !
being called a slut because a guy  holla  d  at me and i didn  t acknowledge him
students should have the equal right to be believed
. bertram : the long view of history would caution us that this may not be a watershed moment .
bbc news  - my experience is sadly typical 
i can t recall any instances myself fortunately but i  m glad others are spes king out about their experiences .
state media say women aren t harassed in china . women beg to differ .
how harvey weinstein used non disclosure agreements to silence his accusers
you opened a lot of eyes and hearts today .
so sorry glen . my heart goes out to you . many prayers .
i know . and i am reading your posts . i believe you .
2  1 year  - old ivorian artist has created an eye  - catching sculpture to visualize what is about :
. speaks truth to power . it s not what we wear what we say what we do . this impacts all of us .
has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it . 
has opened up new conversations with parents or grandparents ? tell us about it
nytimes : has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it .
has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell about it : 
nytimes : has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it .  
has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it  - the new .  ( )
has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it .
when i was young i thought it was only me . now i  m surprised when a woman * hasn  t * been .
when i was young i thought it was only me . now i  m surprised when a woman * hasn  t * been . 
so so brave so happy to see you using your voice
it  s okay fellas . hold your friends accountable
instant  message sorry . and i understand because
this piece of brilliance by which contains the text the answer is simple . because it is right ? 
you do matter . your feelings are important . you are not alone
if snowballs in india who will be affected the most ? a bollywood badshah a media mogul or a political persona ?
reading and moderating comments from angry man babies .
i didn t report . i didn t want to deal with the brutality of the process .
this is exactly how you get the predators out of power . 
after the movement men are using to share what they will do better
after the movement men are using to share what they will do better  via
read my  newsletter featuring men need to be better at not being loathsome ?
those guys don 't even work there . they re just some brothers who hang out here . but they saw my i d .
by strangers by coworkers by supervisors by close friends .
at  i was raped by a co  - worker . i went to the garda . one of us was sacked . it wasn t the one with the penis .
you   all ready we talk about the male leaders of nonprofit organizations ?
respect is a must . change congress that don 't support !
worldviews a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament after a christma 
a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament
worldviews a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament
a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament  - 
a british politician admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament
the world will not be destroyed by those who do evil but by those who watch them without doing anything .  - albert einstein 
say i would have just decked him . and i turned around and did . one right hook broke his nose in three places .
you are the reason we have to do a campaign . you are what  s wrong with this world .
inspirational mom talk with actress & producer tanya new bould
because after it happened i had to beg my friends to not invite my rapist to parties anymore
new column : advice for a middle school and about writin to stop it
reminds me of pm resignation and other bombshell news . kevin spacey says
i have been waiting for corey feldman to speak his truth about those that hurt him and so many others for years now
at five ( a neighbor ) at fourteen ( a friend ) at nineteen ( a stranger ) and so many days in between .
( ) ( you are not there be liked but to trai & be mentored . be there to learn how to be there for to your right & left . ( 
how might shift workplace power politics :
how will shift workplace power politics ?
what s unplugged about ? watch the trailer to see day nas story 
she  s just worried about the females that got abused not the kids .
sue god for forgetting your soul . isn t that what are going to do ? guess what ? 
thanks for adding my piece to your main page 
) but all these cowards pale in comparison to what i had experienced in the us . college professors nypd colleague
the latest the tasty treat ii daily !  thanks to
all i wanted to do was watch a movie with him instead i became a hashtag
it s getting real . ter reece s daily is out !  stories via
here s a new song for you to sing  - hamilton s the room where it happened : consent edition 
no one believed me . lost many friends . was a slut when i always said no .
read it all rv abused a true story
thank   you   amazing party tonight . together we &
honestly these tweets are way too many . one incident is one too many
they knew already . denial is a powerful force .
i have been thinking about this a lot since the campaign . what are your thoughts ?
looking at efficacy : the problem with and viral outrage | backchannel  via
that s why i love dogs . they take care of their own . people don 't .
this hashtag is literally breaking my heart
miss peru contestants accuse country of not measuring up on gender violence 
yes are there any of us who can say we haven t been at the least cat called or harassed ?
i posted a graphic selfie of my beating to tell the world  - time 
well i mean that s what you get for hanging out with trash guys because it s not always a stranger
everyone s happy to support as long as it is not
i  m not a celebrity or raped by1 just then so my sister could b doesn  t get better !
week in the news : john kelly backs trump kirkuk and raqqa via
if you are apart of the movement and need help getting  
what should be next for the movement ? well share your suggestions next on watch live :
thank u for having me today ! it  s a movement ! 
exactly ! i was  or  then ? one day i told him i d flushed it down the toilet . he wasn t a very happy camper then the fuckwad .
has a duty to explain . his silence is unacceptable .
for anyone who hasn t yet seen it an explanation of the campaign currently going viral .
when the court is slow because they  reply flooded with so many cases .
instant  message coming up in just a minute on the show !
retweeted moose the hashtag is gut wrenching and alarming . we need to do better . we .
1 stop  that in  7 th grade .  2 and by a landlord in the apt he rented to us .  3 rd at a sales conf . and for my mom not on twitter x  .
then why not make the clicks unprofitable ? our kids will be dead before ever leads to sleazy bloggers and click mills eradicating cleavage from their sites .
and this is why we need the conversation to be brought to light .
inspired by the courage of those tweeting support
so very proud of what you started with sending hugs
me too . it s time were heard . no matter what ag everyone !
found out i was his  3 rd victim at same facility . had not been fired for previous assaults . (
has the power and weight that and needed . the difference is active vs passive ! we declare
good time to repost this ( to some ) article i wrote on for 
gun to head ladies you re so not alone .
mine was one of my best friends from headshot .
i have waited  years . this is the first time i am mentioning it to anyone . i was sexually abused when i was  years old .
also someone should invent a venmo  - like application so you can invoice your rapist for all the therapy . that shit is not cheap
they are taking down channels where they think they cannot advertise channels where voices are coming together . no joke . 
for all those sharing you are loved believed and i support you
exposes how widespread rape culture is in our society .
re thinking visual ity and it s misogynist aesthetics in a new post after via and it s nostalgic white supremacist masculinity
shout out to  - no spoilers but the foundation for boys & girls is intersectional it y cannot be lost .
the advocate mag : diana nyad comes forward .
i have been sexually harassed mostly in high school .
 you are not alone beautiful . i stand with you . this will not break us because we are we rize .
another that never left my mind : one afternoon i was taking a shower and this great man .  ( who .
yes i was assaulted on multiple occasions . no not every day but yes it happened to me too .
so proud of you !  send you love and light .
. more times than i can count beginning at age  .
more times than i can count beginning at age  . no more !
his wife was cheating on him so he thought he could with me . he shoved his tongue down my throat with my husband nearby .
you shouldn t have been a tease . you re lucky that s all that happened don 't dress like that and it won t happen
when will the  harvey effect  reach academia ?
the thread has me reflecting on the intersection of avoiding the weinstein s of the academic world & career sabotage .
gender violence does not exist without white supremacy 
it s nice to see an ongoing widening reckoning for those of bad behavior . 
alex saying how lazy he is and how it s the weekend and he wants to chill  and  relax is the best .
watch today s top u . s . and world headlines : 
i had two boys catcall me when i was  . i can still recall that feeling of fear perfectly .
the problem with the movement  -  - society s child  -  - 
till it happens to you  - lady gaga in light of .  all the warriors out there
great to discuss the challenges and complexities of confronting biased statements at work w / today !
who will take lead on for children ? here s an excerpt from my new book
pounding my next piece on  i see across my feed .  there are too many to count but already  1  3 k
(  millions of people would ask why i didn  t speak up or sue him  years ago .
libert and egalit favours rights of the fraternit to rape young girls . armour fou !  
thank   you for picking up my piece . we can no longer be silent . 
these are the  super predators  she should  ve been talking about .   no conscience no empathy 
( to recognize what they  ve been complicit in and to do better in the future
let  s make sure is never elected to office again . the lemming is going off the cliff with his brood
for those of us who came forward once . after the fall out decided she would never again .
i hope your heart is as clean as mine
now this is real art direction look what did with their logo for the new cover edition .  via
tomorrow the impact of on minors in hollywood . plus with an update on the fallout : 
thanks bays astros loss .  and gators at a bank get up to speed with the morning report from 
thanks bays astros loss .  and gators at a bank get up to speed with the morning report from
but if this stays only about this one industry then the movement has failed . is everyone from all walks of life
thanks for spreading awareness . my evidence was processed but he was never caught .
as we the victims self  - identify with what if we tagged the perpetrators with and the silent bystanders with
uh  - oh reverberations are going to last a long time . 
is now being spoken about publicly needs to also be dealt with in same way !
and i know have been harassed abused or assaulted .
if we every doubted our need of a savior .  all we have to do is look in our facebook feed . 
had counselling at university . male counsellor hugged me tightly at end of session . unfortunately he had a big erection .
.  - is powerful too  - up standers can help others that are the online too . gr8 read by
only i was tired from working all day . i drove off and cried .
me too . many times as a child as a teen as an adult .
alyssa milano on campaign : we are going to be vocal until this stops 
the latest in  - law  - legal news & notes ! 
retweeted kiki athena ( hey your silence is deafening ! all these for homework and .
sending you love and light . you  reply appreciated !
all the stories are great for make him look typical and picked on because he s black and successful
am i the only one thinking the legions with their vague decades old offenses are rather than brave ?
it deliberately devalues narratives and personal experiences that we are currently seeing in the movement .
were dealing with contemporary issues in exploring and how it started  years ago .
[ trending ] liberal hollywood slammed by two simple words  via
now i want   to run and write something about this .
why was more than click tivi sm & how it captured a collective experience of injustice   cc
after the movement many are asking what s next ? be a part of the conversation in the waterloo region :
exemplifies what s so powerful painful & necessary about writes
i had a me too situation with my orthodontist . he came on to me and i told him off . he never did it again . jerk . hated that guy .
don 't want to go into details but yeah .
this actually makes me sad . did you think we were making up it is this pervasive charles !
instant  message sure the guard got no punishment at all .
i am pissed to add i didn t do anything about it at the time & would never suggest anyone not report it now . it was a different time
read about efforts reply : food insecurity & first  - year students opinion in at greensboro .
.  and here  s the right way for  of the world to respond . 
was actually started by a black woman not milano 
sitting back watching the dominos fall 
grateful for my friend who effectively articulates the complexities of in her recent blog post . 
.  the first catcall was before i turned  . i hadn  t even hit puberty yet .
painful to add to the chorus .  w / acknowledgement to inspiration who years ago started
meryl streep on the revolution : this moment is absolutely thrilling . this is a door that will not be closed . we  ve got a foot in there now . 
not the spring in your step nor the swing in your hips nor the weight of your words nor your tongue nor your lips your guilty 
. for  your  information was started  years ago by this sister . 
i think this is entirely the wrong message to distill from the movement
accuser asia argento leaves italy due to victim  - shaming
the latest the tanana r i ve due daily !  thanks to
i suspect there isn  t a woman who hasn  t been harassed or assaulted at some point
. on i wanted to take the focus off the predator
i still remember all of the fun that they had at the tail hook scandal . please stop this . 
/ so yeah . then now and unfortunately for the rest of my life .
the campaign was actually started by a black woman 
- so many young people need so much more from each other our culture and us 
most of us are experiencing a sensation we  ve never had before brings ptsd excitement & fear of being let down again altogether .
retweeted kamala harris ( to everyone who has come forward with thank you for your .
my heart breaks for every one of these . someday i ll tell mine . 
a different perspective can help move the needle . 
i was assaulted by my high school boyfriend when i was  .
horrified at how many of my friends have been raped . i already knew about five of them . i didn t know there were so many more .
did you see that is trending on social media ? how is this the sam than the fcc motto ? 
when it takes  hours to post well because it tears you up all over again
to leave someone there for dead is quite a gesture
so i  m here to tell you all your survivors that your stories matter .
love this thread of encouragement from the stories today : 
going back to middle school .
don 't want to be fucking silent anymore
i was sexually harnessed at one of the largest banks in the world i hamilton ohio . nothing was done hour said they weren t (  )
bringing this back in light of on trauma aftermath s that don 't advance the plot 
not sharing details but  8 th grade was not fun .
- if you are using the hashtag are at a place where you can share your story aren t there yet or have dec 
it  s happened to me more times than i can even remember . i  ve repressed many memories .
think about the movement every female came out . for cong wilson ? crickets !
cabinet office to investigate after minister admits asking assistant to buy sex toys 
i posted both a for when i was less  - than  - gentlemanly in my past as well as a to reflect on the times i was harassed .
inappropriate touching was a part of my childhood 
maybe we need to just i d the  guys who have not sexually harassed somebody . 
national sparks open microphone conversation
show featuring dr lamar re is here  - she added a very insightful point  of  view : 
let s show everyone how serious this truly is .
so i actually punched a guy in the workplace that touched me inappropriately .
sounds familiar at the trump organization 
any chance you can start collecting material for next week  s column early with
on set on the street in school at work .
so much of this is relatable . to this :  looking back i can  t believe what i put up with .  
the latest spread the joy daily !  thanks to
hear us roar rose mcgowan speaks in detroit about me too 
nothing about me says weak or helpless or easy prey and yet
oh man . this trend is heartbreaking . and infuriating .
i hate that i love you so much while being aggressively pinned down is not a form of true affection .
more times than i d like to admit . my silence has been deafening . no longer .
what u can do ( & what u shouldn t )  - acknowledge your role  - promote culture join it
if you are scared to do so then allow me to be the first . brave writing . 
breaking down stereotypes and teaching girls that they are powerful . via
because even when you say no multiple times they still think it s okay
he spiked my gatorade . i told him i was a virgin ; he took  pity  and sodomised me instead . i kept my virginity but lost my innocence 
another great discussion with carol costello on louis c . k . weinstein exhibitionism offending .
emotive online conversation educates on rape culture
why jlo why ? is about empowering what s this ? cause you can . yes it is your power seems sad though
to be me today i try to think that my is me too . but it was not always like that . forgiveness is a long journey .
i  m not going into details about my but i should have pressed charges for both incidents .
thank you for your story and all who shared before and after you .
it happens within families too . and family members don 't always believe you .
rich episode to keep our eye on the ball . 
is breaking my heart . it just kills me to see that so very many others have also felt that misery . so much to you all !
missed today s show ? watch it here :
how will you respond when someone comes to you for help ?
because i don 't want to stay silent anymore .
i thought it was supposed to start with dressing to not  ask for it 
i  have been thinking what a higher ed doc would look like ever since 
mine is the first of these many talking and more on this ends with expert .
nolte  -  - hollywood remains harvey wood until names are named
nolte  -  - hollywood remains harvey wood until names are named 
nolte  -  - hollywood remains harvey wood until names are named via
in our classrooms  - momentous institute take a look at my guest web log for momentous institute
and because you are a good human . thank you for using your voice . 
an informed conversation with dave plier and of making a difference in the world . 
here s why people are posting on social media with via
retweeted michelle sylvester ( i was raped at  years old . then assaulted by my .
thank you for sharing this bill . this is insightful and thought provoking . 
 this is me a white man trying to help out . also :
this is an acknowledgement apology and pledge to be better . sit down be humble . learn it do it . 
. & talk with including in the state capitol
i say this hoping one day i ll be comfortable with talking about it
how bad do you want this jo part / this promotion / this grade / this prize ?
after reaching  + rsvps for tonight s dialogue what   ever opened up more spots . be apart of the conversation :
they didn t ask about bill clinton because she s been through enough . so have his victims . 
at least the national  collegiate  athletic  association issued strict rules to coaches about sex with their athletes .  
malaysians age   -  slow like snail with headsets  - walk slowly middle of road  - slave  2 smartphones  - die fast gud4 economy
the singer of makes me scrub his head every month really hard
kolkata police  s response on campaign is heart  - warming via 
keep calling this pigs out ladies
see below  - i will no longer use a passive voice when talking about this ! 
just in case you were wondering this is ( but one reason ) why so many of us don 't speak up . 
thread we should all take the time to read this . 
remember what it  s like in other countries : a global primal scream : (  _
i was on to talk about & my bills to hold congress accountable ! via
instant  message so sorry mary . ( not with this guy though )
the bravery of twitter tonight is inspiring .
such an important topic . thanks for devoting the whole show to it . 
million people around the world have engaged in the conversation on facebook .
i don 't tweet much ( instant  message a one  who reads but  doesn 't  reply ) . but
i don 't know a single woman who doesn t have a story .  in  is wrong every single one of us .
 just do what you need to do to get the job done . 
leads to change ; we need men and to work together on this 
age  . vowed to be a permanent don 't die so i would always be in control of every situation .
thinking about bystander intervention .  many of us did the campaign and told our truths and shared our .
the latest the brother ali daily !  thanks to
happened on the plane twice . i was flying alone on a long haul flight .
they go after the strongest ones when they re at their most vulnerable point .
.  of myself in the lingerie he heard us talking about that i had bought to wear for my partner for our anniversary .  [ continued ]
this is stranger things creators added an unscripted kiss 
and know many others that have too men and women . time for it to stop . stop the cycle .
ds  - this is your chance to save the movements momentum by coming clean . 
thank you for sharing this . i know what it took to do so . 
how these two finally exposed harvey weinstein via
rt he harassed . later i responded a powerful story
names i d have to fish out from business cards to remember them but don 't want to
i wouldn  t talk about being raped as a teen for years but it was freeing when i did :  yes it was that bad  
speaks my language here : maybe we should all pull off our masks a bit more every day not just in the zone . 
new web log post :  things clergy can do about
am being recognized for the work instant  message doing as a
little boy behind the barricade who do u see ?
read this thread . time to talk about 
not abuse but i  have felt scared and unsafe but have brushed it off because it s what they do . it s not okay .
this is today s required reading . succinct clear and powerful reflection on 
unfortunately has proven one fact : the sex offender registries don 't work . what are we spending our tax payer dollars on ?
luckily haven t experienced anything traumatizing but still we deserve to expect better .
we live in a society that blames victims more then abusers
i can talk about it with others but it  s too hard to post about it online because then it becomes more permanent . but i  m here to say
v day was an integral part of my healing process .
seeing all of the posts is heartbreaking . i  m hopeful we  ll see as many and now .
pa anchor shares her story wpm t ( york pa ) anchor ali bradley came out with her story .  via
we need to help these impaired people in buses . start now .
they re very expensive dogs so i have no doubt something jumped the fence . but i don 't care he s just adorable and he needs rescued . 
raped by my best friends brother .
join me live on in  2  0 minutes and learn how to on perps
tomorrow live harvey levin backpedaling about kathy griffin using example
and i felt dirty after all of this . and never mentioned most of it . it was not horrendous . but it was wrong and not my fault
was at healing spaces art exhibit talking & ending 
is the daughter of should i go any further but i bring into doubt
where  s the for clinton pedo crimes on epstein island jets yachts etc  - investigate child sex trafficking now 
wish you hadn t deleted that . even if they spelled your name wrong ?
dax shepard ( nbc  s parenthood ) revealed in an interview that he had been molested as a child . 
who will segue to undefined risk issue of perpetuated marginalization in los angeles 
joy bryant : my mother and the legacy of abuse  via > oh my  god this is intense
in my late   s i worked for someone who stopped communicating with me because i wouldn  t drive to him to give him a massage .
for  years and i couldn  t tell you how many times someone pointed the blame on me for what he did .
these so called a  - listers are scum in my book except cate blanchett . this is your hollywood . read the quotes . 
albania : the country searching for hundreds of mass graves  - bbc news 
we are organising a forum to talk about this and it s causes it s so sad to hear these stories .
. rockin it as moderator for panel . such an important topic such a thoughtful discussion .
) we shouldn  t be constantly thinking  i shouldn  t have put myself in that situation . 
thank you for your strong and powerful message .
sorry to hear that ! did you share your story through ?
the latest the louis angel daily !  thanks to
this was hard to do . even then i tried to empower . uplift . impact . 
doug jones is looking pretty good right now for the 
q4 . see trending everywhere . removing pleasure makes sex about power  - who has it and who doesn  t .
we have to burn down the system that created harvey weinstein or will be for naught .
thank you so much for sharing . your story explains the insidious ness of this issue . 
join tomorrow  ps est where we  ll discuss and w me and therapist
to parents of children who are saying we have a space for you as well : 
it s  disgusting and disgraceful it s taken this long .  meanwhile in alabama 
over the past week we  ve all seen the phrase over and over again .
my girl friend had relations with me while i was blacked out . she bragged and laughed about it the next morning .
i am conflicted about the hashtag . i love the solidarity and recognition of a tremendous problem .
the most upsetting part of the whole movement is seeing how many have had the same experience ( s ) as me
testifying has been important to our national conversation . so is listening . 
any got it ? multiple times & it ruined my & my twins lives . 
instant  message sorry for not being more vocal before .
please know that it is not your fault . never let anyone else tell you anything differently . 
instant  message so sorry . you are so brave .
who are the lawyers that wrote the agreements that covered up & enabled these crimes ? their licenses should be revoked . 
great column on from one of my favorite former editors : 
she had been emotionally disposed of & lash outed pain at me caused prolonged intimacy trauma which almost ( consumed ) me .
it s too heartbreaking to see a lot of posts .
survivors are too often silenced stigmatized punished . tides will continue to turn . we will compel them to .
aren t you feeling glad for all of the things that you didn t do when you were younger nowadays ?
don 't forget that man are also w victim more than you think .
did you know ? started as a movement  years ago 
best places to visit member  of same sex
barrister charlotte proud man astrophysicist & laura bates on abuse of power
you think because he s  or in a wheelchair it s not assault ? someone help me here i just can t .
shows we need trauma  - informed maternity care : 
if this trending hashtag makes you m a you re a part of the problem . 
last week by a clerk at macy s . last month by my lyft driver . last year and the year before and ever since i can remember .
what does a  calling  feel like ? is like a strong pull within & ache that can  t be answered any other way ?
worldwide the identified that needs to be banned by treaty . uk and us did not sign . will they now ?
the makes me incredibly sad > > receives over half  - a  - million mentions over one day  via
not everyone wants or is ready to post
from you are not alone . you did not ask for it . you did not deserve it . and i believe you .
megyn kelly slams fox  s toxic culture with seth meyers but is she stealing thunder ?
megyn kelly slams fox  s toxic culture on seth meyers but is she stealing thunder ? the for me .  via
 topics like give people permission to begin real conversation . 
the takedowns continue power in numbers has never been so clear . 
the creator of is ready to move forward 
the creator of is ready to move forward . 
the creator of is ready to move forward
if you are offended by the hashtag you re part of the problem . ( in solidarity with  -
proud of all the ladies out there today for their bravery
i was told i brought it on myself . for years i thought this was true .
a few things over the last week : the posts the attack on so u maya (   ) and this 
the more comments we submit the longer it will take and the more they have to resolve and respond to .
. continues to air  cosby show  marathons . shameful .
we absolutely stand by you on all issues you raise  -
and as someone whose been asking this motherfucking question since jian gomes hi
we want you to share your stories . only on call now : (  )
 your pain does not exist for the consumption of others or to prove a point .  by
also the can be called pound so when you read out loud it is kind of counter productive
president gary lucc he s i misdeeds are deeper . will he bring down the guild rather than tell truth ?
he stopped & got off his bicycle & i ran the last few metres into a busier street . i ll never do that again .  (
what a morning ? be blessed . stay focused . spread love .
searing critique of gender & diversity in the restaurant industry in light of 
a frat guy grabbed my vagina at a party once . i assume he is the mayor of his hometown now .
were talking to steve brown press secretary for house speaker mike madigan about & tune in :
/ he was also the same age as me by the way . if he d been older or a supervisor it likely wouldn t have worked .
our angel pleads know your voice for her spirit would be heavenly . i will never give up on honoring her spirit . please
we will do investigative journalism wherever required in public spirit . u can create disposable email at etc
thank you for being a strong voice for victims .
this melanin blessed woman of courage i can get with thank you ! originator
the trend is important and should make everyone uncomfortable
in a music scene . important conversations happening at nov .  at
why public transportation is ground zero for issues highlighted by 
while this is one of the happiest weekends of my life i don 't want to stay silent
 tonight with denial  of  normal lemon  discussion about
maxine waters has tough words for predators and trump 
thai song has helped me . i hope it helps you .
you have no moral majority now . u . denounce the many rapists & child molesters in congress . 
horrible to have to tweet or post and it s your father .
i was raped by my first boyfriend because i was going to break it off with him .
u may sexually harass any u want since says it never happened never will : 
but there s a reason is trending . think about it . the issue is predominately one  - sided .
police investigation has been going on for  years and  months now . a complete joke
a married preacher tried to pontificate wha all was wrong & unholy about me . then he repeatedly propositioned me .
i denial  of  normal  t know how else to put it .
by the way : men get assaulted too . 
anita hill wishes she could bring back to thomas hearings .
we don 't teach our boys right reply : se there s an underrated bible concept on this : 
affaire weinstein : alyssa milano lance le hashtag
she is getting paid to shock us . don 't listen and don 't let her derail the mission .
the aspect of this entire discussion that seems to have gone unsaid is the debilitating part for those who .
and he still landed a book freelance gigs and new job . or a sign of what s to come post ?  (
i can t even count how many times i have been intentionally groped on trains and buses . all over the world .
i  you  reply right fuck them they aren  t worth a curse may they rot
everyone knows . nothing done 
i can t even bring myself to reply tweet this . ptsd . .
i  m a fellow migrain headache person . they  reply worse since last nov .
after the harvey weinstein scandal u . s . state houses say
girls shouldn t need hand signals to be rescued by their friends
here  s a i want to see  - guys  fes sing up to their doing promising to from here on so no more  me too  s surface !
the movement didn  t start this week  it  s been going on for years .
instant  message so sorry . you re not alone .
instant  message so sorry . you aren t alone .
sad reality of our times but it happens to almost each of us . 
great article by on what if we started prosecuting these crimes ? 
this is just a drop in the ocean but well written heart  - breaking and horrifying .
all the time i hear why are you so guarded let loose don 't be so hard on yourself but it s because of them that i am this way 
because we have to be better than this and set an example for future generations .
this is the best news what   ever heard all month ! 
at long last has struck a chord to question finally to resolve and change . amen .
sexual harassment in the music industry : how far have we come ? not far enough .
millions now shining a light on something that s not just a hollywood story .  at
join friends colleagues & me next week (  as we navigate the complexities of & more . rsvp here :
is like a child : it has to be carefully taught . what is teaching artificial  intelligence  by
i wish was old enough to run for president .
miss seeing stockard channing in the movies loved her character rizzo in grease
many times throughout my life starting from about age  .
you can think you ve seen it all until the guy who grabbed you throws a punch and then a chair at the bouncer that saved you .
today is your kind of day mood : wise   -  get
cbsn  1 p : tiller sons heads to mideast + asia and the black activist who started
writing about if you have a daughter . worth a read . 
extremely disappointed . while makes for high degree entertainment misconduct should not be condoned ! 
rally with my kids at denver capitol for part
devastated by my fb friends from every corner of world posting specialty doctors mums academics .  no one seems to be exempt .
what i want everyone to know about my experiences 
if you took part in the campaign you should watch this . 
gymnastics unsafe mckayla maroney says  me too .  what happens next ? via 
unless the analysis comes with a disclaimer about sexual harassment in your industry or your life it s .  suspect . rather than fire a few miscreants we need for all .
i am literally standing up applauding you right now that is how to use your voice and celebrity !
and if i can prevent it happening to just one person then i will not even hesitate . even if it costs me my life .
instant  message sorry this happened to you too
my story is like so many others . it s real and it happens every day .
it s so fundamental to the female experience to be mistreated & feel ashamed of it .  -  - jennifer lawrence 
i have an overwhelming desire to make bad men suffer the way they  ve made us suffer . 
i wrote about my because i  have been trying to write it all out for years . there s still so much more to share . 
this song is everything i can finally say i forgive you . 
because anytime i  m in a bad situation you are the face that keeps on copying and pasting to be others  masks .
reading these posts made me cry because it happened to me when i was  !
after a facebook list names south asian academics
colby cosh : don 't sneer at consider whether a little male self  - criticism is warranted  via
i can t take another instant  message sorry !
you ve probably already seen some of my posts but here s the official .
for all those who still can  t bring themselves to talk about it & are trying to heal .
i empathize with my sisters and brothers who have also been victimized . i was  and said nothing for .
my republican  in name  only status is confirmed . receiving emails & texts from & campaigns . where are you guys on
 quentin tarantino admits he knew about weinstein but kept quiet  
etc to the left of us to the right stuck in the middle with what is it with anymore !
this happens everyday . who is paying attention ? 
let s inspire and raise a generation that doesn t have to experience this reality . this has to end . 
you are not alone . wether your ready or not we are here for you . we see you and love you . 
because i can  t sleep in my own bed that  s where yeah done messed up
a colorado springs church was a me too place before it was a hashtag : 
the world could learn a few things from my kindergarten class .
the latest the politics daily !  thanks to
maybe if u started with this statement instead of  1 stop  that using  tweets to exploit for your professional  - ad genda then we d have more sympathy 
because this life is and will be for everyone were getting there . thank you .
me too  -  - because it was far too common in newsrooms . did something revolutionary writes 
words & terms which haven t been brought together across disciplines in issues of 
seeing these is so very bittersweet . we must make everyone aware of how ridiculously common this is .
manager at my very first job snapped my bra . just one of many incidents i  have experienced .
taste bile on a daily basis choking down the anger and shame . by the end of  8 th grade it had been  years of taunting
it took me over  years to be able share my experience .  
so many posts  -  - a wise friend observed it s universality . so what to do ? how to stand up to that profes so member ?
excellent question ! will anyone dare to ask it ?
the latest gamblers  news feed !  thanks to
the latest gamblers  news feed ! thanks to
elevates harvey weinstein conversation . so many stories .  
on writes this is one of the most difficult things i  ve ever done 
an old to on is worth a  words  - the long goodbye
choosing the reaction on statuses ! isn t funny ! yes it happens to all
u r b select : diversity inc  - hundreds join hollywood march 
i  have been cat  - called whistled at and shouted at while walking so frequently it seems normal
this is the woman who started the movement  -  years ago : via
i  have been struggling with posting perhaps it s because i  have normalized certain behavior which is very worrying .
i didn share my because of this . because you   all are out here going that s not that bad and trying to quantify and downplay .
my job was eliminated when i was  months pregnant and recreated with a difference title but same responsibili ties
it s a great day for a party mood : prank ish   -  get
flawless logic ! could also solve pedophilia by ceasing to have children . drunk driving ? only drunks can drive ! problems solved ! 
like there ain t a whole ass clipse song about the consequences of unoriginality and copycat ting called mr
the real ish is when ( one of ) your abusers and his enabler likes your fb post on / so predictable .
pointe coupe e parish school system  - central office staff
. we have to really focus on the perpetrators and the society that s producing them .
in  case you missed  it : everyday in thanks legislature via
was actually started  years ago by a black woman . 
it was a long time ago but i still remember . 
i  d share my on facebook but then my family would see it .
i  m a bit dismayed with how many  posts i  ve seen here and on twitter . i  ve determined that just about .
dammit . these tweets are gut  - wrenching . thank you for courage in posting stephanie . 
needham harper and s tears vp asked me to dinner and attacked me when i refused was fired and prevented from collecting ue
via why i thought twice before saying
why i thought twice before saying by
why i thought twice before saying 
has been on my heart and mind a lot today .
let  s find this guy . somebody knows something .
exactly . it s about power & not sex and needs to stop . 
retweeted suzanne moore ( it  s not just one monster .  me too  reveals the ubiquity of .
. rt interview with british actress sarah maddocks
as so many others . try to care for those around you . let s end rape culture .
first the movies industry then comedians and now comic books ! wow
not comfortable going public with mine but 
i was eleven when my brother and his friends chased me through the house pinned me down ripped off my bra and felt me up .
suddenly it isn t trending at all any longer ? am i wrong ?
lost count how many times . some worse than others .
let s get a more accurate sense of the magnitude of the problem .
because we  reply still looking for a hand to hold
to all the survivors who haven t posted we see you . we celebrate you . we love you .
say something . please . calls out at march  via
wrong what is vastly more important is the reality of how many in like yourself are okay with and you can resign now 
i don 't like to talk about it and sometimes i question who s at fault but
my experience has taught me to be stronger and push through anything
that you may be bright may have excelled you only deserve little today becoz u complain about my hand on your shoulders
wait isn  t this the person that truth teller said served with  honor and distinction  ? 
this is shamefully and horrifically not at all surprising in a country where trump who bragged on video about is now 
there are a lot of these beast around the world not known .  the light should be more spotted at them .
goes way back in hollywood .
thoughts on : tagging the assaulter s harassers & silent bystanders . 
before went viral this month there was 
let me count the ways . like when i accidentally dropped my napkin during lunch & an esteemed polt s rpt r told me to stay down there .
i was  . we worked at the same restaurant . i fled in tears . one of the waitresses later asked me why i didn  t do more to stop it .
this [ issue ] is fundamentally about access to education .  - co  - founder
listening to |  . weinstein culture part with jo brand 
because a guy walked up to me at a bar and said hello by grabbing my boobs .
corey feldman s truth campaign via i stand with corey why we believe
child hood sex abuse survivor
 wow . . . do i shake my head or just laugh at this point ?
terrifying to type as season starts this week but by an active player
there is & with telling your it  s yours to tell & write the power
should judge roy moore step down ?
kind   of wondering when the hammer will drop on the financial services industry .
until women are entitled to and control over their own bodies women will be devalued disrespected and subjugated .
on the subway in the street and at two different parties in college .
the latest the sign at ec inc . daily !  thanks to
she created long before hashtags
because when i said no you shouldn t have taken it as an invitation to challenge my consent . no means no .
george w . bush what can i do ? pleading mother of three . survivor . had
it s happening ! i can t believe it but it is . there is a response to now ! check out
a lot going on on my news feed lately with and movements
yep exactly and that  s absolutely despicable deplorable and disgraceful to still give a contract after that
when i was  1  9 ish i was interviewed for a actin job . clarion hotel fayetteville arkansas  per hour plus tips .  ?
in too many countries and contexts and personal and professional settings to count
indigenous poet ellen van nee rven abused by year  english students  awful : this is insane .
like it s just a normal talk moms have with their daughters .  because it happens so much !
and that is exactly the intention of these cultural dynamics . that same fear has been haunting & taunting me since the election .
an elderly gentlemen groped me in a walden books . i weaved through the mall and he followed ( thread ) .
there are rarely consequences for those who silence accusers or fail to protect them .
the only way i can really say this . i hope you know now .
our and are building the list of  amazing in suggestions ? rt ?
great discussion today on with about in the workplace .
. ladies who lead podcast with . it  s not your fault . it never was . 
wish i felt comfortable to say more but that s all i can say right now .  just
i know instant  message not a female but
actually a woman started the campaign   years ago
join ife s & on  for our next panel on in workplace & politics
a very big fuck you to and anyone that pulled the lever next to his name .
sadly extends to congress . i join an informed review by and of 
i think the campaign is very powerful . is live with
i was sexually assaulted as a child . should i not post ?
so how much money have you spent so far in settlements because you didn t do anything wrong ? or were they just charitable gifts ?
these are the texts i got from the guy who sexually assaulted me .
gee . i wonder why you haven t . read some of the millions of tweets greg . stop the denial .
one of them will share their stories before too long
please reshare ! the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets
yeah even though i was standing in a crowd of literally millions .  
 why would you touch my boobs without asking ?   - because your cleavage is showing . thought it was an invitation .
venturing a guess that you re so vain guy probably thinks is about him .
we are past time for this dialogue ! it s time to clean the closet
an academy run is an invigorating way to draw attention to re cy taylor and her courage .   - 
it doesn  t have to be drastic or violent for it to make a severe impact on our lives . and it needs to stop .
bless these most beautiful young ladies  -  - 
is also when the male boss directs a group of only female .
dennis has ert larry craig mark foley affirmative ailes bill o riley eric bolling & serves  prove predators r in every sub sect
let s join hands and make these times better
too many times to count . starting at age  .
the truth about is coming out . see fantastic piece at 
the latest day gusti bus !  thanks to
news from : the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets
has sent chills down my spine .  as the counter keeps rising high and 
unfortunately there s absolutely nothing unique about my experiences .
do you constantly find yourself asking when this national nightmare will end ?
hear me roar in numbers too big to ignore . 
join houston family sunday  for rally 
the latest chandler arts good   morning daily ! 
do you struggle with the issue of consent ? watch this ! 
it s remarkable watching all these big hollywood names just crumble . now if only the potus could do the same
a friend would have tweeted twice .  very sad
what to expect as a public survivor says la progressive  -
so very brave .  we don 't have to keep quiet anymore .  we have each other !
on writing  1 stop  that novel & being banned by trump interesting review
it starts with talking to young children about boundaries & recommends 
ready for big laws moment ?  via
ready for big laws moment ?
.  honor the pain that has been expressed so courageously .  for guys reading testimonies 
if anyone is wondering what is at the heart of my rage towards the election of the this president
shocked at with her  i  m not into that  her negative spirit & nasty judgement is real . totally inappropriate
how to respond to the posts in your news feed :
this bullshit is nothing new . we at . . worked on last year on this very issue . 
everyone needs to be part of the movement | editorial
own your own voice . speak only when or if you re ready & most importantly safe . 
he kept kissing me even after i tried to push him away
walk of shame  - harvey weinstein |  via
operator  - ed from asks what happens after
our voices are louder when we raise them together . take action :
producers guild of america bans harvey weinstein for life  via
the popular hashtag was posted more than   times . read more about the via
i stand with the victim in the rape case 
if you re in ireland & want to hear my story + those of  other survivors you can still catch 
i was in first grade . my mom knew but didn t help me .
breaking news alert louis c . k . regret over misconduct  - 
this article and thread from one of my favorite television critics . 
wouldn  t it be crazy if in addition to we started listing their names ? i am with you my sisters .
please read and share this article & articles like this .
did alec baldwin make his statement in his saturday  night  live costume and persona hoping it would absolve him ?
when i was of years this old man came in my life and ruined it
a thread reflecting on my understanding of masculinity and myself in wake of
just texted this to my fiance because i needed to vent the gross feelings away .
maybe i am debating . in actually just voicing my opinion . discussing my point of view .
in just a few weeks has upended the landscape of a number of high  - powered industries
just ask your wife and grown daughters .
you  ve seen your loved ones post here  s what you can do next :
happy mother s day folks .  
we shouldn t have to tear open our hearts and present our lives for scrutiny to be believed .
earth 2  s: . you are deflated tiny  - * * * balloons . our collective voices burst you .  next : justice for
this is why we start our company ! to give voice to the voiceless !
serving in germany as a military police officer . does not define me . is my strength
the natural response to should be may we stand together in strength and support .
if you re not outraged that practically every woman on this planet has stories then you re part of the problem .  /
let  s work to make things better for our daughters !
credit for does not go to alyssa milano . 
may g . e . browns word rise up these words mean so much to we me too s
it will take more than to get our experiences heard  via
in honor of all the posts ( including my own ) i am proudly wearing my
what  s harder living with the pain or knowing how many there are like you ?
as the saying goes ; a glimpse of what happens when is reported  
just in case there were any doubts that was biased notice who posted as well is not picture !
waiting for the dominoes to start in fortune  companies . it  s going   to happen .
another one bites the dust . keep up the good work the time is now . 
national pattern in child cases . how will this fit with information ?
i haven  t said it yet but and i denial  of  normal  t know any woman who doesn  t qualify .
i denial  of  normal  t know a woman who hasn  t been .
imagine if for every a perpetrator of this insanity and depravity was also outed .  so inspired by this courage . also me too .
did you ever share your story before this campaign ?
because even walking in a group in the middle of the day i was still a target
me too : when the community mean girls crossed the line  - 
groped by a drunk off duty police officer .
the shaken snow globe : finding happiness beyond my white picket fence 
standing with all those with feel something from these posts
face an epidemic of risk from  ( to  ( effects  of  globally .
i was drunk and asleep . what part of that made you think it was okay ? it wasn  t okay . i wasn  t okay . 
a bonobo way take on the movement : let s replace the trump an zee s !
andy cohen & tomorrow harvey levin f*cked  with the wrong girl
i think i need to make light of how many times racked me in the nuts .
.  georgia dfc s cps head to lead the us as largest foster care on heels of
when your daughter comes home crying she is already a patchwork princess says it all . 
i literally got groped again just last night
i was a scared young boy at a performing arts camp  - he had the power
mine was a perverted geography teacher who thought it was okay to grope me .
not to mention the fact moore was an officer of the court . 
i was  . he was  . and you re braver than i am because i  have been silent for  years . i see you . i hear you . i believe you . 
i am slowly staring to web log again . check out my latest blogs
meghan _ charts dear future husband y better uwu
the campaign is actually  years old  and this is the woman who started it .
and i will say i battle sexism in multiple contexts : as a woman a woman of color in the us & from a pakistani tribal background
my husband just put up his own because it has happened to him . and he s never been disrespectful to any female ever .
i wish i could articulate how this has left a tenacious residue of raw vulnerability i carry with me .
thank you for using your gift with words to voice the shared concerns
to the good guys seeing speak louder .
is necessary & but i & sick of having to prove my 
i  have been sexually abuse many times since the age of  .
both of my assaulter s were older than me and i trusted them to not do anything to me . i was wrong .
good morning ! make your day a great one !
there are predators in every aspect of work . think it  s no problem
a bodoh malaysian deserve ride & die  - fail  use headlights  - motorbike wd3850d  - where r bodoh lazy bastard malaysians police ?
.  he kept nudging his hands across my chest and down my crotch acting like it was an accident . i finally .
shouldn t be the end of the conversation . learn how you can take action
a watershed moment in our country  s history and culture 
a watershed moment in our country s history and culture 
i knew this was the moment that would change everything .  
how many times will this have be updated . seems at least one a day is the going rate . 
i had not known that elizabeth warren was person in addition to being an indian .
another reason why we denial  of  normal  t report . 
how can ca lead the with a state house where lechery finds a haven ? !
an open letter to my brothers in light of 
an open letter to my brothers in light of  via
welp i guess my web log will just be important to me . 
thank you for saying what i  have struggled to put into words . 
i am sorry this is your experience but thank you for this . what will it take ? !  
why do so many groups fear gay lesbian & trans ?  - folks have been 
is there  free dept in if launch a protest blacks & deserves the same respect !
eww : locals were troubled by roy moore  s interactions with teen girls at the gadsden mall 
because no person should have to go through this and especially not alone .
helen reddy  - the very best of helen reddy ( full album ) via girls in the w back  to  you me too !
was apart of the reason why i reached out to you & several other  s; i felt i could trust all of you & that you wouldn  t misuse me
listen hear support protect those around you .
reply being groped in the or while operating : i was wearing scrubs a surgical gown & cap  -  - least flattering or revealing attire ever ! 
my article on let s start listening year  old 
it doesn  t matter what you wear what you look like what you do or what you say . we aren  t asking for it .
never be afraid to speak up . let s hear your voice
if i hope you get anything from this hashtag it is that it is not your fault .
movement : there are organizations who are here to support and listen to you . call star at   -   -   - star
the gym on the bus at the airport on the street please stop looking at us . yes we lift weights .
he walks around thinking it was consensual while i nearly wound up hospitalized from trauma .
connect with your soul and express your truth be free to be truly you !
i am strong indigenous and resilient . { } these posts breaks my heart . if any of it 
david duke targeted a friend for using the hashtag . why do you even let filth like him on here ? oh that  s right it  s ad .
when the crescendo fades personal & political activism must continue . 
still as of now b w not of a certain standing have no access but when you   all said you don 't mean us
issue in every industry and every walk of life .
a5 by teach in our daughters nieces etc . better . but not giving them those harmful label sexualizing them
all the out there i am sorry that you had to go through this . i m ashamed to be a guy .
any word from fashion magazines reply ? they glorify the predators . young models continuously exploited .
as a female runner i get harassed all . the . time .
what are your thoughts ?  friend posted on the topic of  
free giveaway this instagram giveaway includes the book closer together further apart by and  gift card to dunkin donuts find me on instagram to enter
post if you can say with  certainty you be sexually harassed before
thank you for being a part of the and movement ! the time is now ! 
did you some way feel at fault for what was done to you ?
being raped as a child or near misses is a horror that stays ones whole life
soon boys will start trend
we all suffer and some are more vulnerable than others . open your heart .
we can all remember what we wore right down to the jewelry and perfume . details matter .
progression .  let your voice be heard . i see you . i hear you . 
please join my friend joni mck own grossman and jimmy choo for a morning of shopping to 
oh well then .  i guess his video was basically saying 
this was a difficult but important piece for me to write for 
making hillary relevant again | un filter   
have you heard about read an opinion piece about it
issues inter lope and across the usa . why s it so hard to disseminate preventative information ? 
levin tomorrow live glorified david letterman & shamed michelle obama for their new looks
my high school english teacher winked at me  years ago
waiting for the children of staffers in the   s to join the club .
a disturbing sick society  - how do we fix this ?
yes this seems to be the world we live in now . we just have to stay strong and stick together . 
me too . and when i spoke up to management i wasn  t believed  he wouldn  t do that he has daughters .  
my father wanted us to have a sit down . me facing my attacker .
6 th grade by three classmates and at least  more watching from the ground floor .
harvey s been sick for  years . he s insane . he s a sociopath . more likely a high functioning power  - crazed psychopath ?
i bow in respect to all who have had the courage to say will be stronger because they have been brave 
i could barely bring myself to make this post . no wonder i didn t report .
 nda s information fleshes out formal ization of premeditated acts on a person or group . and
i also asked my mom to teach me how to do a bun and wore my hair like that for years
kendra scott s open letter to ex  4  9 er pgs .   -  of
/ just remembered another when i was in my early  2  0 s i went to a new eye doctor . he was seated on a rolling chair .
that is odd because i was raped  years ago and i remember everything . 
why you re seeing on friends social media pages
[ cnet ] why you re seeing on friends social media pages  - cnet
why you re seeing on friends social media pages  - cnet
the vegas and weinstein / cycles seem like a long time ago don 't they .
this is true and reality of why the problems exist . 
my god almost my entire facebook feed is me too .
 why i only put on twitter where family can  t see it
isolation is the best way to give them even more of your life that they don 't own .
guys don 't sign any under age persons yearbook or you could be a victim of 
sharma join social media campaign
sit down for this thread . it will break your heart then steel your resolve . enough 
this week on discussion centers around gold star families immigration and 
editorial in  alabama newspapers blasts moore as unfit for public office 
how about an arrest warrant for keep fighting the whole sees what  s happening and the truth !
we took the room where it happened from hamilton to be about consent : 
as an undergrad student at hofstra university . as a serve waitress by the owner at the my kai in fuck that lauderdale .
so true ! remedying includes as well as vs deserves our 
more of my friends have been raped or sexually assaulted than those who have not .
at a house music concert in pompano beach . as a civilian on the street in miami and on the subway in bushwick .
but i wasn t taught that consent also applies to hair .
me thousand . were getting the sense of the magnitude of the problem .
i moved as far away from him as i could toward the and the and the  -  - elizabeth s packman
] i had to wait  hours to call  w / fractured leg & concussion  -  - until dbp left apt . later i had surgery
memoir reminds us how profoundly narrative can shape mind body and spirit
i  have experienced so much i thought my middle name was michelle always 
read : i didn  t want you to  i told you so the fight by
i find unwanted laps awaiting in the most surprising places ( again ) .
down maybe we should all stand together and lift each other up . and know that all us victims are not alone .
important discussion happening this morning on
my reflections on the scandal and the cult of the good white guy . 
anyone affected any who can not say it anyone who is suffering we are with you . you are loved ! you are strong ! you are enough !
i hate to have to write that but it s the truth . what are we going to do about this ?
the latest s scg daily business news ! 
. many times .  i  m approached by people who begin by saying  i  ve never told anyone this . : abby creer
is building awareness enough ? asks our student via 
angel or devil ? / who decides her character / certain kind of smile
this by i hope every human i love reads it . his thoughtful response to fallout . 
because no one should stop being friends with someone because they still hang out with the person who assaulted them
getting their comeuppance for their nefarious pernicious gratuitous ass kissing of the despicable bush & son .
retweeting myself because i feel like this is such an important message in amongst the conversation . 
how many of our sisters and friends and neighbors are thinking of tonight ?
the more senio in the community the perpetrator is the more difficult it is to report
or with the times that all of these years later i still denial  of  normal  t know how to verbalize ?
by a ( rich and famous ) boss a landlord and other generic riff raff . memories excavated by
we want to hear from you : how has the campaign impacted your life ?
when i was  first apt by myself . break in total stranger cops said they d never find him .
join us tomorrow for a storytelling open microphone and star fundraiser in nola ! 
so sad but great that they are raising their voices !
when crimes begin to pile up they become invisible . when sufferings become un endurable the cries are no longer heard .
really great piece this morning
just like we still dealing with racism so yeah i guess
we commend alison hall executive director of for her clear compelling call to action . 
my headshot english teacher . my oral surgeon . a study abroad classmate . an exec when i was an intern . my now husband  s roommate .
as i was saying .  millions not getting millions to be quiet . they just live in terror instead . 
fucking reporting from los angeles
and do not get me started on the costs of shame . because that has acted like friction on so much of my life . and it pisses me off .
when my gymnastics teacher groped me and i didn t even realize .
in  case you missed  it : this brilliant piece from  via
thought i should feel flattered by the  attention  . so wrong on so many levels .
a dumbass conversation i  ve just had is forcing me to finally admit  yes  feeling pissed off
he thought i was a whore lane hilton . he gave me his card . i was a working girl but not like that . i was visiting from tm
let your voice be heard loud & clear !
malaysians actors singers models & celebrities don 't get canning & go2jail  4 drug off enc should get death sentences
nurse to supervisors = squat done though doctor previously sanctioned by board for  moral un fitness to practice  
next stop : corporate america . !  we won t be silenced any longer !
this is going to start a larger conversation that is so desperately needed .
too many things are occurring for even a big heart to hold . 
but also fully re congis e that so many more are screaming this on the inside and they ve suffered and suffering a hell of a lot more .
everybody  s being taken in by the trick and some thoughts on freedom of speech .
a first date in college with a  nice guy 
read my latest post ! what me too means to me *
women should never hurt other women : that shatters any sense of safety . 
i gave you a hand to hold and you fucked that up .
high school college and as an adult .
two near date  - rapes chased on beach when i was  groped on manhattan street by passing bicyclist
i  m here to speak up for those who can  t or who denial  of  normal  t yet know they can . 
incarcerated survivors can  t post for themselves but it  s important not to forget about them
great discussion that i was honored to be a part of with last night .
we see it . we live it . we power through it . every day . 
wow has gone off book : dems  real reckoning  via
my first ever interview .  done by the brilliant alison o reilly .
= reclaiming oneself in a together kind of way . nothing more powerful than that . to all out there &
by my college coaches and in nearly every job i  have ever held .
one of my first  page papers in undergrad was about having finished undergrad i  m sure i could write  pages on
rose holds up her hand .  arrest warrant issued for related to narcotics possession 
what men and women can do to tackle sexual harassment 
we  reply with you anthony edwards . thank you for sharing your story . 
we were both  but he wanted more from me and i was scared . he demanded more revealing photos and i eventually stopped replying .
net la at st mbt self  - descriptions in  - group distancing and denying of discrimination 
i  have never spoken out or even shared my incident but i am not ashamed to say .
me too . because i was too young too scared too fragile to have a voice when it happened . because we will
join us tonight in the wgc for a talk back on
love this moment shannon keep working on it .
super extra late as usual but this is kind   of scary but anyway
shopping with a friend in a mall and being propositioned by a group of guys because  what happens in the mall stays in the mall 
the whole point in is to share something that happened to you
retweeted hazel williams ( monica lewinsky tweets 
thanks for your spontaneous concert at the taupo market last week . my  daughters are still singing untouchable girls .
 me too  survivor  s march to take place in 
so you have seen now let s start the change . using  - how will you do your part in
not into anthony rapps accusation that kevin spacey made advances when rapp was  is another moment 
the whole harvey weinstein mess convinced me to republish this personal piece from last year
because me wearing a skirt to a bar is not an invitation for you to stick your hand up it .
loosen up a little . this is probably why you  reply still single .
it s time for to speak out for our patients & ourselves . most of us have chilling stories to tell . 
dehumanization takes a large toll . constantly navigating these control dynamics is exhausting .
because even right now i still hesitate to post this with the fear of having to justify myself
the latest the bill moran daily !  thanks to
and those two words should be enough for you to believe and support anyone who has the courage to say them .
low key still up set that i didn t use nevertheless she persisted on my article .
- the convicted rapist camel driver in palmyra syria that i had to try to escape from on a moving camel .  /
if you haven  t read that horrid may i m bialik piece yet denial  of  normal  t
sexism misogyny misogynoir homophobia and the patriarchy have no place here .
got   to love princess leia she was such a fighter and survivor in every way ! so witty .
feeling bad about all the times i said nothing because it was inconvenient .
anyway there s plenty more where that came from . but i  have probably melted enough heads for tonight .
thank you for initiating & pioneering the movement years ago so that many of us would be brace to say today .
girls should be able to walk to class
and i was just some girl from nice job so they naturally didn t trust me
 first we need to make stopping violence everyone  s issue  
hahaha how many cowboys fans on here also posted . he s a womanizer but hey he runs for my favorite team !
yeah . here s the source of probably the most resistant part about this business is the accountability .
& divinity in every single person but beginning with seeing ourselves as more than just basest desires & loving ourselves .
why is it always the job of victims to change the world ? why ?
for every public me too and every silent me too i support you and will fight for you always .
rt bbcnewsasia :  - one man s powerful reply to
bbcworld : rt bbcnewsasia :  - one man s powerful reply to
being molested by my babysitters son . i was  . took me  years to admit that to myself .
can  t consent at  . not in not anywhere . me and my daughter at  . both of us have been raped before adulthood .
as if i needed another reason to have loved ( rip ) . cc 
louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end | jessica valenti 
louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end
louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end 
coming forward : using to raise awareness
my whole life several times during my phd . the first time i was  7 year  old .
communist nut job says calm & quiet library racist . this is so crazy i groped myself .
oh wait wrong response
oh shit ! i didn t realize that tweet . shit . i did not intend to trivialize or mock . sorry . shit . so sorry .
feeling glum about the flood of in my feed and this was the perfect antidote . 
so is well out of my zone . but my daughter in law is an actress in her  2  0 s & certainly confirmed from her experience . appalling
for  years i was ashamed and suicidal after a gang  - rape by  men . today i refuse to be ashamed . 
sitting here thinking of what my responses to would be even minus the assaults . basically
is a statement of solidarity but it is also a call to action .
yes from   -  it didn  t really matter what i was wearing for sure .  /
we would find out rapist can be any color or gender .
i don 't like to talk about it . so i won t . but that s all instant  message going to say about it .
retweeted ( glad to be on the same page of the campaigns origin : .
hasn t sheriff joe arpaio gone through enough having been abused on trump s pardon couch . 
captive on the train en route to spin class & yoga fielding these comments . ugh .
guys remember when you saw this and it didn  t make you cry ? 
some thoughts on from a fellow survivor and ally .
a4 : what   ever also seen technology be used for empowerment & education with hashtags like and
oh the truth in satire . got to love it . 
wife mother vet & you 're  welcome volun tee pens the silent combat of 
really ? check out pretty sure none of them are muslims !
wondering if woke up this morning thinking as she sipped her coffee scrolling through texts from daddy
the new shows the importance of safety this is my fifth stage in december maybe with
 .  benefits .    who ?  .  continue to outweigh their risks   2 who ? and doesn  t that sound like tacit a dm harm  you ?
congratulations for this recognition of work to advance awareness and mobilize action in a vital are a of public concern ! 
actor says entertainment exec molested him as a teen  via
he felt bad about it afterwards so i told myself it was okay .
i was  . i was setting the floor at a dept store i worked at with my mom . i was wearing khakis and a polo . we were on the clock .
and solidarity to anyone else who s let a stranger buy them a drink and then woken up in a bathroom somewhere else .
that  s why i choose not to look like this . scared just posting this .
this is an amazing response . guys are pledging to prevent 
just  days left to to our special . head over to for
having gone viral stateside how translates outside the u . s . bubble
one of my first disclosures the person responded is there any way you could have wanted it and just don 't remember ?
- like i have had a flashing sign to predators over my head since i was a kid .
how a new technology could help find the next harvey weinstein  via
. wrote a piece on her hesitancy about saying read it here :
until paying money to settle a complaint can be deducted as a business expense
you completely ignore bjrks malice & self  - interest in jumping on the bandwagon just prior to releasing her new rubbish .
what s so confusing about try to shift meaning of the protest  2 b about the but no one did this to
despicable attorney marty singer threatening journos and brave victims coming forward . 
whoa . this has to be one of the biggest names to apologize to date . 
i denial  of  normal  t think anything else needs to be said here ! 
not my president . not even close . sickened by anyone who still supports this monster . 
i won t comply remain slient nor will i allow myself to be placed at the heels of those who have treated me as less than human .
hey try getting over being raped . 
it s uncomfortably difficult . still pedophilia is too fucked  up beyond all  recognition to excuse . 
for me it was a close family member . he committed suicide when i was  .  years later and i still suffer from panic disorder .
universities join up to fight rape culture 
an activist a little girl and the heartbreaking origin of
oh my  god this is disgusting ! are you okay ?
has taken up the internet by storm . here is a heartbreakingly beautiful poem 
but i didn t because society had conditioned me yes even mistress a dominatrix to not offend to not question to accept what was happening
baltimore city + county turn around inc . tel :  hotline :
mpw next gen breaks down fbi releases hate crime stats kaepernick is citizen of the year
in case you missed it : for guys reading testimonies by via
is the next phase of to name these a gress or s and hold them accountable or is enough as is ? i am a with questions .
naming and shaming : a risky business ?  brett wilson 
wish i had enough money  buy a president . 
sharing has lifted heart burdens i slept better last night than i have dlr pt in over  years
this is a much more powerful way to show support asst prof says of  via
some advocates say can make a difference beyond  characters and a screen .
instant  message almost  years old and still can t talk about it !
so much love for brave voices . i am with you i am for you i am praying for you & will fight for you . 
planning rub ukes exit strategies clutching my keys with a cute awareness of my surroundings .  it s really no way to live . (
the movement of how a hashtag got it s power from
the movement of ( how a hashtag got it s power ) by 
the movement of how a hashtag got it s power .
the movement of how a hashtag got it s power via
the movement of how a hashtag got it s power  via >
i am a too many of us are . is talking about it on social media enough ? will it help to 
because it should be common knowledge that in a relationship you re still allowed to say no and mean it
i believe hear see & stand with you .
retweeted usmc in light of a great rule of thumb for anyone wondering if they are .
i was ashamed to even type that .  family members from an adolescent .
in high school . in college . at work .
don 't blame yourself . it s not your fault you weren t giving mixed signals and you didn t lead him on .
said when you re a star they let you do it . you can do anything . grab them by the pussy . you can do anything . still true ?
you are stronger than the words the actions or the aftermath s . your worth is mighty and unfathomable you are .
for the hip  - hop rap music industry ? resist hate divisiveness brings defeat not victory 
me too that  s exactly why i stay low key
you have several choices . in my experience best is to fight back .
years later a burning flush in my cheeks at the memories . a berating voice in my head at the thoughts .
splinters & shrapnel injuries that cause pain inflammation infection but can be cleansed & healed . hope for on my wla q show
times . i will elaborate at some point today is not that day .
please stay away from any and all children and grandchildren !
it  s taken forever for me to say it because i  m not ready for the judgement the questions the assumptions but
. calls out james woods at march
because nothing says like having ones own investigative team . 
i procrastinated on tweeting my yesterday  -  character isn t enough . but there s this  -  -  - > be that adult 
i would love your opinions on a public facebook post about and
the number of on my feed is truly disturbing .
been a hard week re living that horrid night and the almost unbearable aftermath . 
i was sexually harassed by a woman several times in the early  9  0 s .
my kids are not nave but i am careful with what they are exposed to for now . until they grow into their bodies and hormones
and remember just because a guy didn t post doesn t mean more of us don 't have your backs . harrass ers are owed a punch in the neck .
i shouldn t have to say instant  message engaged or underaged to get you to back off
he was my boss . he wanted me to be his girlfriend . i left my he already had a girlfriend who had just had a baby . tm
the priest spoke to my brothers . did they stop abusing me ? well .  i d like to say yes . but that would be a lie .
answer : wait until curfew was over to have us kill the spider they are afraid of .
gee can t imagine why all us s would ever wait  years until never to report this stuff . 
adult services mgr received a certificate of from yesterday ! 
retweeted zoe willow ( i kept my mouth shut when i should have been screaming .
only a true blue malayali can understand that nostalgia & our love for the home territory .
folks in reminder that advocates are always available   .
wish we could be brave enough to name names and organizations
thank you for being brave and sharing your we are never alone ! 
thank you  being brave & sharing we are never alone 
i feel like you ll never look at me the same way if i tell .
with this whole rolling around social media it was hard for me to remember when was the 
to everyone on the hashtag . it s tremendous courage and my love is with you .
all the talk means nothing if this happens . 
any stories you would want to share from that time ?
me too . i am not ashamed . i am a warrior fighting a silent battle everyday .
if i can help one person said last night . you are an inspiration to so many my friend ! 
a little front  - page for you   all on this gorgeous thursday morning .  via
she was distraught & we walked over to security to inform them . they shrugged & turned around to continue chatting . 
don 't forget the price anita hill paid
how many asses were grabbed in the name of making this movie .
 the un in  suggested a ban on the use of uk did not sign treaty
monica lewinsky tries to jump on the bandwagon and no ones buying it
with  - & much else  - privileged middle  - aged white blokes ( like me ) should shut up and listen .  not opine .
.  but i believed you the moment you spoke of your experience .
the amount of me too tweets are simultaneously heartbreaking and empowering .
has started the conversation for so many .  love that it s causing some action too like 
way too many times that i want to remember !
i struggle with relationships because  years later i am still dealing with intimacy issues .
saddest words on social media today .
finally online my interview with on emotional labour and  via
on different occasions . as a kid as an adult . always blamed myself .
and the narratives continue here from me + other scholars . so clear this is everybody  s history . 
double  - o  - associate misty griffin your mission : financial risk manager video :
double  - o  - associate misty griffin your mission : financial risk manager video :   
i was raped on my way to high school . i was only  .
because it took me too long to understand what happened .
married professional athlete who lived at the apts i managed the champagne is open and the candles are lit  -  - come over .
calling me bitch costs  million united  states  dollar 
just because i didn  t remember for nearly  years doesn  t mean it didn  t happen
i am so sorry that you had to deal with that . i hope justice prevails for you .
don 't let someone belittle you stand up for yourself and make your voice heard
by bosses by strangers by a step  - dad .
thank you your vision  years ago still remains powerful today .
my thoughts on my fb page . more than  characters so .
jennifer lawrence forced into actress lineup with only pasties covering our privates early in career ! 
. martha mendez  - baldwin tells how parents can turn into a teachable moment 
we all have a form of ptsd or add or compulsive obsessive stressed society . total mess . declines to shine 
a question that many are asking as prompts more and more to reveal their assaults . 
especially around happy hour on the hill . or if strom thurmond was in the building
opinion : what big bang theory actress reveals about
. a new curriculum  all girls & boys of any age  learn so the powerless can become in powered . 
the latest the getting daily !  thanks to
by the president of my company . i filed a complaint and was reprimanded for it .
especially if you didn t report it because you thought it was your fault .
the who groped me as i was the only girl around . he said i should be okay with it as that s what happens at >
 we may have lost the election but it raised sleeping lions 
it s where my voice is most appreciated and that s important to me after having had it shanked back when i became a
instant  message not mad . instant  message just disappointed . i expected more from you cutie . 
it was my first job and i was just  . the last client left . my boss locked the doors and then raped me .
church . high school . college . marriage .
counting the fact that many are too scared to report yes definitely . 
are these some of your  the elite you were talking about ! even the ones working to prevent it are the enemy ! 
prestigious jewish high school rocked by facebook post about se
i was taken advantage of as a teenager and as an adult . there are so many of us
a friend summed up my thoughts : i just assumed you all knew that it s every single one of us .
working in retail brought about too many advances to count .
moderator kim johnson just brought up here at which no doubt makes this event more timely than ever .
check out our feature & for our web log special 
interesting that this moment is happening in conjunction with the gutting of funding fuck   off to
was abused as a child when i went to visit doctors eith my father . dr bum was the culprit
i legitimate was just asking myself me too ? then was flooded with a  + awful memories . yes
of course is terrible and and but the biggest one to fall will be 
all those status updates on my facebook just is a gentle reminder for all of us about our society .
probably not too much in the office but this environment should never be tolerated & should be reported . to end it .
so proud of former oth cast  raising their voices ! + others
until there is no more from the white house to college campus 
join the conversation about rape culture in senegal . 
wait until the gets published . guess what 
i  m so fortunate that i denial  of  normal  t have to say but my heart aches for everyone that does
what a great way to start a new week : &
does anyone think the campaign is more indicative of the waning power of hollywood ? or am i just a cynic ?
because i keep thinking about getting sick
campaign at purchase . share your story in the ccn lobby with the wellness interns . today until
who said that the music industry  - country or otherwise  - was devoid of moments ? duh . 
no you did not ask for it . no it s not your fault . and yes it s perfectly okay to talk about it .
a wonderfully thoughtful article with shira hassan and maria me ka ba that i hope can be a part of the conversation 
million posts reactions and comments about have been shared on facebook since oct .  .
. calling out catcalling as the vile phenomenon that it is . appallingly commonplace in new  york  city . 
does your rapist draw himself as jesus on the cross from prison ?
most of my friends are modest dressers yet many of us have been assaulted in some way . also doesn t hijab dressers being harassed them being the most modest of us all . 
worth a watch . her words ring true .
i was   - when i said no he ripped my shirt bra & leather belt in half . my jeans were very tight & i fought him so it stopped there
in hra we support the movement and we stand against
let the dominos fall  - every abusive predator / molester out there should be a bit nervous eh ?
benefit from this quick dunk info  set on
carrie fisher gave predatory producer a cows tongue in a box 
i felt compelled to ask someone else if my experience counted or not
so sorry .  so very wrong . sad that so many of are sharing 
have you ever been sexually harassed or assaulted at work ? say  me too  . let
we should not have to justify why were saying this and if you need that justification then you re part of the problem
oh my  god so true this one made me cry i was  
the fact that i have to say & voice how it didn t matter what i wore or how i acted is beyond ridiculous .  /
the advocate mag : the dominos continue to fall .
on social media the movement has demonstrated the enormity of the problem . 
something to really think about  in the world  
me too : in college . in emails texts & online . on dates & an interview . walking in don 't c are bklyn jamaica & atlanta . 
especially in don 't ever call yourself the party of family values 
two of my mother s boyfriends once as a child the other as an adolescent . others : high school . adulthood .
goes viral with  1  2 m facebook posts and counting 
it  s hard to talk about but it happens too often to let it go unspoken .
this is why i i want a better world for my girls ! so they never have to say
should we be writing or do we have a different role to play ?
we support every woman who has ever been sexually harassed . we are with you .
more survivors reaching out to orgs for support after weinstein furore & campaign via
dog tag necklace exclusively from mystic hollow boutique . grab this now while supplies last ! not available in stores ! shop here > >
this is scary . and it  s taken me a few days to admit .
rt . called out at the march in hollywood
you are what vis wrong with the justice system in america . 
was debating on posting it but it took a while to come up with the right words .
please speak up and support the victims .
it was in a pediatric office in a wealthy are a of houston with families that have buildings named after them & sports celebrities .
terms or trajectory you may not be expecting . quick dunk info  set on
hey guys i guess it s my turn .
with alyssa milano taught a master class in  via
me too creator tara na burke : we have to make movements ourselves 
andy cohen secret to his guests spilling it all bravo guests are drugged & drunk 
andy cohen secret to his guests spilling it all bravo guests r drugged & drunk
louis c . k . roy moore and how america is reacting to via
louis c . k . roy moore and how america is reacting to
rolling stone : louis c . k . roy moore and how america is reacting to
this chorus of  me too s  is so sad and powerful and comforting but makes such a good point .
free class on improving advocacy in the face of in report of or other 
starting off our morning with the amazing at founder of
the on this one gets pretty met a in the comments section . 
me too . you are not alone and i  m here for you if you need someone to talk to .
the advocate mag : portia de rossi speaks out .
celebrating not having to write because remember she never called it up on herself
apparently the wife says my attitude sucks and can t wait for harvest be over !
since the country is in utter crap i am skipping all holiday shopping this year until the orange of hate is gone not this year
retweeted the particles son ( i  m a bit disappointed in this trend since the original .
and i still  years later have to constantly choose to pick my battles or laugh it off .
the week before my college graduation . tried to steal my joy but did not succeed .
seeing a lot of posts .  it s disappointing . fellas we can do better
scandal to sink govt ?   mps also accused of inappropriate behavior . redacted excel sheet :  
retweeted taylor lethbridge if you re thinking instead of posting  -  - you re loved we .
because i was once told  you  reply nothing but a sex object to me 
what were you wearing ? were you drunk or was he drinking ? maybe he misinterpreted the situation she did it for attention
you may or may not like sen mccaskill ; but everybody knows she is not a liar . 
wonder where trump s left hand is at
as usual the french are more direct & determined in their campaigning . becomes   expose your pig . next law
everyone who is sharing your posts i hear you and
there needs to be a more concrete poa here . either report or aid the victim in overcoming trauma .
because your mom looked scared sick
this is one of the most profound and important things to ever happen on twitter
the latest the college bound net daily !  thanks to
- on  continents . in  countries ; global mentality shift is imperative and possible .
if catches up in india which celebrities will be the most affected ? just wondering .
sometimes i forget that it  s because i still default to thinking it was my fault .
here is my i have literally been through hell on earth and i am just grateful to be here and be who i am !
important to remember in light of all the tweets .  
i  m to announce the steps new york city is taking to move from to  we will .  
he destroyed a part of me and took it and he did not even remember my face .
the latest technology and social media daily ! 
and one wonders why victims denial  of  normal  t speak out sooner ?  
hey here s a video of my mom talking about and also i make a five second guest appearance 
i remember him having a great reputation in the house too . then he became mccain s me too
it s easy ! can you say has no choice . a pedophile vs non pedophile .  : when has to support or support a pedophile . there is only  choice . 
the second rapist was a date . he choked me almost until i passed out and ignored me screaming no and stop until he finished
my entire feed is full of and unfortunately i am not an exception . me too . 
honestly everything i  have been feeling the last few days 
thanks for using your voice to always stand up for what s right .
we need to take our power back and end enough is enough !
. i  ve been thinking about this thread a lot and have writte my thoughts again and again over the 
the latest the nursing show daily !  thanks to
mocks feminism uses in bi weekly death threat claim : must move !  new nra ad sicc ing gunners on critics
breaking free from an abusive relationship 
actor outed by actress elizabeth perkins 
just because you didn  t say the exact word  no  doesn  t mean you gave consent
clever use of pathetic please with the purpose of url . i did donated to . and hope others will too ! let s use these to help others and take and all of these down !
nytimes : one nyt readers reaction to an operator  - ed about megyn kelly  s participation in  
means a helluva lot less if we elect roy moore . 
i didn t post anything in the heat of the conversation not because i had nothing to say but because as someone (
my god ! what are we doing to our ladies & children y  all ? !
i see you . i believe you . i love you . i stand with you .
to anyone who says  oh that  s just how it is .  no . you are wrong . it  s not that hard to be kind to one another .
shocked by all the hastags in my flow ! that this occurs and a this scale is an unacceptable outrage !
i said to him what would her husband and son say if they saw u flirting with her ? i grabbed his plate and kicked him out .
it s but as the knows why rent a lawyer when you can buy a judge ?
tara na burke . activist .
1  9  7  0 s  play sports we were required  have a medically unnecessary breast exam institutional molestation   -  1  8 y  1  0  0 s
the latest the houston new media daily !  thanks to
very powerful experience still going come join . 
not sure if this means as much coming from a guy but .
somehow this doesn t surprise me one bit . sigh . 
on why nelly s accuser deserves the benefit of the doubt  via
the latest the live and grind daily !  thanks to
my body and mt sexuality was a common topic among my classmates  as a middle schooler .
first job out of college first real boss .
we have to give each other the courage to say and to [ name the ] person who did it .  -
the latest good  job le journal !  thanks to
mckayla maroney said what s next for her  -  - and usa gymnastics ?
mother daughter and ex  - husband 
something iconic just happened here .  sharing in support of 
by my ex boyfriend  s father on our  year anniversary in hawaii . i will not be defined by my past .
really took a lot of courage to say this but
tom hanks says no way back for harvey weinstein  - 
helped fund the legal bills following scandal . 
 i  ve been hoping that & megyn kelly can be a gateway drug to intersectional feminism .  lindy west
ptsd symptoms which manifested physically such as throwing up shaking flashbacks and endless tears
spreads to potential ground zero : france
when i was  and you decided coaching meant more than teaching and inspiring .
joe rogan reacts to latest harvey weinstein news via
when my future career goals could be destroyed if i spoke out  just ignore him 
who holds the key to segue from to the ban on suggested by the un in  ?
next on kake : reports on the accusations by olympic gymnast
is the very reason what   ever given our lives to this cause !
the latest rick s us & world news update !  thanks to
the latest cwr world news ! thanks to
men in our region have bigger role to play in educating other men .
my ovary to gop .  f u order here ==> by request here is the color version .
] .  w / the excuses of  ) that is not appropriate testimony for this court &  ) that is not relevant
 ouch !   juanita broaddrick adds a few names to alyssa milano  s list  via
uk tackled pedophilia problems with cases like and can we expect the to diminish with resignation of
 he is innocent until proven guilty but i am a liar until proven honest . 
he is innocent until proven guilty but i am a liar until proven honest
calvert county crisis intervention center hotline :  or
children should be seen and heard and believed .
allegations are getting just as bad as also ( remember him ? ) 
countless large and small incidents .
the advocate mag : munn s account is horrific .
three four too many . here s one : a man disagreed with my views on social   media and described in graphic detail how he d like to rape me .
p . s . how to practice self  - care  and prioritize healing  in the wake of  via
urgent usher alert : avoid george homework bush during the  7 th inning stretch .
yeah well god s pretty pissed at you bill . 
and how many more are yet to be exposed ?  .  a month of very difficult memories . 
wrote a call out piece not sorry about it 
it s not about it s about how we justify predators for this or that reason . society s blin until predator stumbles .
no one cared until he did it to a popular girl . i didn t matter but she sure did . she was white i wa not .
starts in  minutes . who is joining the fun ?
denial  of  normal  t ever let someone else make you feel unworthy . you are more than your oppressor .
these updates are starting to bother me but probably for a different reason i  m noticing it  s bothering others .
and usually references about my hair color ( carpets & curtains ) are thrown in for added disgust . 
reports on increase of folks reaching out to after student resources 
bitcoin ca the first coin for .  ceo brock pierce & falk ving e sponsored by wasn t me mcafee b cash jesus fake satoshi and jihan
the latest doctors on twitter daily !  thanks to
the latest fas ur technologies daily news !  thanks to
the latest hydrogen energy the daily news !  thanks to
the power of  me too  : it  s not just a social media post
in sports : moving from revelations to policy
in sports : moving from revelations to policy via 
and the post  - weinstein megaphone of social media via
and the post  - weinstein megaphone of social media | the new yorker 
and the post  - weinstein megaphone of social media 
.  many times .  & i still denial  of  normal  t talk about it .
fear is instilled in a lot of us . fight flight or freeze it  s not your fault .
wired : the meme is everything that  s wrong with social media writes jessi writes
the meme is everything that  s wrong with social media writes jessi writes
when i was in   -  grades then age college then age  . grabbing or slapping an ass is not okay at any age .
on sexual assault : .  being gay is no excuse ! .  internalized homophobia is no excuse ! .  age is no excuse ! .  length of time since attack is no excuse ! stop ac costing people who aren  t into you !
every educated man needs to use the movement to learn . learn as much as we can about what we need to .
so if i join the hashtag will it bring more harassment ? as usual ? or bring more awareness ?
on  the ellen degeneres show  airing thursday  ellen stands in solidarity with the movement .
i don 't know if concern also sexual harassment by non human intelligence or only human harassment ? 
as receptionist blatant sexual harassment  x  - intern l music business related  2 x  - intnl music business  1 x film related business  3 x non  - fil business
shout out to those who have the courage to come forward . shout out to those with the courage to keep going
una per oggi you know who are . you know that you knew . and do you know how i know that you knew ? because i was there with you . and because everybody  - fucking  - knew . scott rosenberg on a complicated with harvey 
i write to tell my story . i write to inspire others . i write to start a conversation . i write to create change .
rt ccad i  : rt splinter _ news : for years women of color have used to let each other know that they re not alo  
i just remembered another ( awful ) incident from my baseball internship and a corporate sponsor . amazing how i  ve blocked them out .
important nuance ( and great editing ) by quartz : we edited louis c . k .  s  apology  to make it a real apology
if you are a fired up person and you are also fired up against a  year old cognitively impaired spastic guy in a wheelchair .
overview trying to link concepts after agency up on agency said it s up to police it s just that way .
npr : rt npr music : has approached critical mass but the conversations not new ; artists have long said me  
- a friend i used to call brother  - a professor from uni ( in mexico and in the us )  - a friend of a friend i went out once with
i wrote this  in lieu of current events . today i republish it in lieu of new recent current events .
sex is etc . issues don 't just affect a particularity they all affect the same group : each and every human .
our profs modeled sexual domination for us so that we knew they were in control . the problem was our male classmates knew it too .
i can  t name a single woman in my life who hasn  t been harassed . not a single one .
powerful opp for a global reset  but will the world respond ? violence is a global pandemic 
to anyone who  s able to speak on their story i admire you . for those not able to we stand together .
these fucking headlines . a sexual encounter with a child is fucking sexual assault . let s call it that . 
should you ask yourself if it was a choice that you made ? is about sexual assault ! can you ask katie if she meant to conflate the two ?
we  ve been acc lima t ized to think sexual harassment is normal . it  s not normal . and it is not okay . 
if you notice some asshole who thinks this is funny do us all a favor block them ! i have blocked hal
dear male chefs : you are either part of the problem or part of the solution . be the solution .
in a stupor becoz these issues aren t the real issues . and india is sleeping becoz women out of workforce isn t ever a worry .
rt olusegun med up in rt together 4 girls the women who fear saying via ajenglish
just a couple things i thought of and wrote down in a couple minutes .
not once not t wiv mce . multiple times multiple men . some strangers some known
] he grabbed my foot on broken leg and twisted my leg saying he was making sure it was broken .
the guy who raped me was not a ceo . he became a ceo . so i guess the rapey ceos were once just ordinary rapists . 
even if you only hear about it ( hear say and inadmissible ) sexual harassment creates a toxic hostile environment that trickles down .
sometimes you need say you have a boyfriend because some men only respect other men and not  no  those men they aren  t men
today dr . donnelly shares some thoughts and reflections on assault . leadership and : some thoughts 
like what does it mean when nearly all women are posting i mean sure but where tf y  all at ?
criminal walking past me in the train . and then he smiled . criminal who slowed down as i cycled to tennis and then he sped away
i will not be afraid and i will not back down . so many of us our survivors : we are taking out power back bit by bit
there are some good things about seems to minimize things some have gone through to lump harassment and assault in the same pile .
shocked ? you shouldn t be . happens to a lot of us .  in  actually . it sucks . completely and utterly sucks .
this is amazing !  can wait for the release .  love you .  love your talent .  love the end product !  thank you !
but . that one day ? that one glorious day when she took away his power ? is a day she never forgot . a day she passes to her daughters .
before we took  control  . before it was  rhythm nation  . before the she created  velvet rope  .
thank   you i  have heard it takes  years of work to become an overnight success . thank you servant leader : our fearless leader .
when i saw i found myself questioning if my experience counts and i realized that if i have to question it it counts . so here i am .
& industry :  thank you for providing these ideas to try to stop this real problem in our industry
hey look at that ! is currently no .  on legal thrillers chart right next to ! although i d say the book is much more than a legal thriller but yes it has a stonking courtroom scene .
buy this book like i did & let s replace with book . many stories & guidance of what steps to take to be fierce 
is so powerful . people opening up and sharing their stories and also realizing how dangerously often this happens . 
revision : are you a female  - identifying person and has a male  - identifying person harassed or assaulted you ?
mutual friend of  people i know sent friend request then pm ( harassed ) me .
well polled isn  t the right word  - i can say that every woman with whom i have shared my story has shared one of their own or said
finally share your stories not only on twitter and facebook but here and get an aggregated result
by publicly shaming their harassers victims are also shaming companies that don 't act ( via
we will continue to need the discussion until all women feel comfortable participating in it
whether i was walking home alone at  am going for a run in the afternoon or walking to the laundromat in broad daylight
survivors posting will not convince perpetrators of sexual assault to stop . the on us isn  t on survivors . it  s on the aggressor .
story after story after story .  keep telling them keep reading them and keep believing them . and so many others .
no casting couch for low  - wage women but lots of sexual harassment 
yes it happened to me . twice . once at the hands of a girl in my school and once at the hands of my stepfather . so i say .
not only do children suffer physically mentally and emotionally from abuse they suffer spiritually .
look at the language in the article  - assembly and senate use identical language about what info they ll summarize
you got to shut  the fuck up and shut down his twitter . you are my hero !
i was told boys will be boys & to just ignore it . nearly  years later the embarrassment still burns fresh . sure ignore it .
teach your boys that no means no . teach your girls to shoot just in case .
do the stalkers carry gun control membership cards ? they advocate violence and gun control ? or is her a nra marketing ad ?
hours passing friend after friend colleague after colleague relative after relative so many keep posting their notes .
a stranger . a friend . a boss . people you don 't expect . people you shouldn t expect .
all the posts drive home  critical points : this is what courage looks like ! this is what an epidemic looks like !
i had a strong person there to help protect me when i couldn  t protect myself . not everyone does .
i think every woman is strong and i also have to be strong even on the bad days
when you see in a status it probably wasn t just a cat call and it probably wasn t just once .
start where u r . start w fear . start w pain . start w doubt . start w hands shaking & voice trembling
for anyone in my sphere who has posted or said me too silently in her heart instant  message sorry . so very sorry .
is largely about empathy we use a term called empowerment through empathy tarak a burke creator of the .
i have no doubt at all that every single female i know could write  - every . single . one .
the problem with and viral outrage  < < the bar on outrage keeps shifting
madamenoire news >  when black girl magic becomes black girl tragic  joy bryant shares the story that res .
your body . is your responsibility . god gave you that responsibility to protect it .
 women are scared to raise their hand they re scared of being labelled trouble scared of not being believed . 
for every women who blamed herself for sexual assault or har re sment including myself no more .
is here to stay . we must challenge all men about sexual harassment 
is as meaningless a campaign from sexual predator protectors in as campaign to it s all a show . everything they do is for show .
for all the girls who think it is their fault that they were assaulted or harrassed  - it is never your fault .
- thank you thank you thank you for your incredible work . you  reply wonderful .
it  s working . is working . this is a great start . retweet and share .
when hearing people say  i would speak up because i respect myself  and being frustrated because it  s not just about self  - respect .
if you needed more incentive to never say and stand  - up against anyone who does say boys will be boys  read  of
my  christian science perspective  article about published in the christian science monitor .
we support you and your truth .  love to everyone who is living their truth
teal and purple roses supports the movement . we encourage all women & men to use this 
because professors think if you  reply interested in their subject you  reply interested in them .
read this . to all of the uncomfortable men out there i say this : get over it . women have been made to feel uncomfortable for years
sexual harassment can prevent women from equally contributing to the politic system says
women in  french cities protest sexual abuse under banner
. the more men hear other men standing with women they can realize it s not about bashing men .
you mean two days after trend nobody wished each other happy dhan teras as happy don 't harass ?
i wish people would care about starving yemenis as much as they care about having their asses grabbed .
there should be campaign in pakistan like uk women harassment campaign . highly condemnable act . 
will stop at nothing for publicity ! even mocking the campaign equating & sex . assault to consensual sex  m one
today we are at where consent cubes are now available . explains consent . we get centers reaction on
my dog understands the word no why didn  t a  year old boy understand the word no ?
men never underestimate the value of our words in the dialogue . frank carrington s words changed the world .
many men have a story  - and just as with women they have no obligation to share it if they don 't want to . no one owes anyone their story .
believe me and that is why girls are afraid to speak out about it when it happens . don 't be afraid speak out .
to all the brave people sharing their story i say .  what happened to you should not have happened .
it s not until you lose your ego completely .  completely .  that you learn not to hide behind it rebecca evans dominatrix amazon
sexual harassment and assault is an issue . it should be the outlier not the norm .
.  young male students some as young as  . no way . this is for anyone who has been assaulted .
(  ) at  i worked for a gas co . in ca . as a sec ty . i like her she s spunky a man told my boss . that boss would tweak my elbows .
breaking sexual harassment : what to do about it  women in film 
to all women sharing it takes courage so thanks for sharing .
teach people that this shit is not okay no matter what the circumstances are . teach people to not rap
 me too trend highlights scope of sexual harassment assault 
oh girl . the list is too long to list here .  and i can only rt this once . 
i can t tell you my one big story because there are just decades + decades of repeated harassment from assault to 
i just published  a truth ( my truth ) about sex and power at work  
signs of sexual harassment and assault that have happened to  via
i have been threatened since i came out as professional  -  2 a professional  - trump and conservative .
usa where weiner goes to jail for sexting & weinstein goes the meadows sex rehab in arizona
how many women voted for  - a confirmed sexual predator ? just saying .
not looking for sympathy . looking for respect . looking to be believed . looking for change in toxic masculinity & misogyny .
but you can reply  - invent and find something better . reach in and find it !
i ended the friendship the end of the summer and have started opening up about it like  years later . instant  message okay now . except .  (
tea and consent / consent is everything ! know your rights and how to treat others . 
lawyers in protest against sexual harassment 
when the women in your life tell you the response is simple . tell them 
women too ; it happened to me and it has happened to boys in classrooms with female teachers preying on them .
tensions build in npr newsroom over handling of sexual harassment allegations v
something all men all of us need to do bette is think less about what we want and more about what others want 
the difficult truths about gay men and sexual assault 
there is power in numbers power in the masses of women who have came forward however we will prevail and we all are winners .
the european parliament s sexual harassment problem via
-  - the european parliament s sexual harassment problem by peter mller sexua .
the european parliament s sexual harassment problem
that when stops trending sexual assault & harassment will still exist .
news : portia de rossi accuses steven seagal of sexual harassment 
at work by someone much more powerful than i was and who reminded me of what could happen if i refused or told anyone .
women shared their stories of assault by over drivers with and now lawyers are using their stories to sue u  
women shared their stories of assault by over drivers with and now lawyers are using their stories to sue over
our friday episode was about sexual harassment in workplaces around the world .
tech seeks to bring visibility to sexual assault harassment with 
rt bbc newsbeat : millions of women around the world are saying bbc news
rt rt rt the latest yes instant  message a little sensitive ! 
changing face of sexism and hetero  - sexism if data and personal narratives are not enough ?
as outcry over sexual harassment grows focus shifts to state legislatures women in state capitols are saying
from how to stamp out sexual harassment when it  s reached the ends of the earth
how to stamp out sexual harassment when it  s reached the ends of the earth  via
how to stamp out sexual harassment when it  s reached the ends of the earth 
needing help and being told they can help if instant  message willing to .
when i stopped going to the library at age  because of the men at the bar across the sweet  who d always catcall me . age  .
sexual assault an harassment is never your fault . and catcalling is not attractive .
second woman accuses ed westwick of sexual assault 
if you need an example of what can look like in the medi industry take a look at the and feud .
how did he get hired at your network when he had previous sexual harassment claims at
as a survivor i choose not to be offended by jokes i choose not to play a victim i choose not to be angry otherwise he won
a1 : it s imp to talk about because it affects women and men . it s a crime & should not be normalized
bbc news  - should sexual harassment be a criminal offence ? 
from people i worked with or worked for countless li work interests who were never interested in my work !
how many brilliant people sidestepped advancement of sexual harassment / assault or threat of .
movement marches on against sexual assault and 
can you believe women had to literally take over the internet for anyone to believe us
nbc fires mark halperin after sexual harassment accusations 
sexual harassment or assault has never been isn  t now & will never be funny . ever . using attacker as joke material isn  t either .
catholic survivors of clergy abuse have a magazine reply : integrating faith with recovery from sexual abuse >
sexual harassment has become so normalized that unless the story is brutal it  s seen as to be expected .
hey hey hold  on hold  on sexual assault has got to go . 
pigs of hollywood flash bck : casey affleck sexual harassment controversy : what to know
reminder that the rsvp center the miss   you counseling center and the miss   you student health center are all confidential resources on campus . 
rebecca thurston : how traumatic sexual harassment may harm your heart : stiffer and less expandable vessels .
what ever happened to david peterson and the sexual harassment complaints against him ?
please if u witness or targeted harassment please use twitter s report button !
but he was drunk excuses nothing . but it was the  8  0 s excuses nothing . but my skirt was really short excuses nothing .
sad sad !  that people have to live years of pain bottled up inside ! 
let this be the beginning not the end of this discussion on sexual harassment and assault .
i feel that every female on twitter can say for just being on twitter . lovely world we live in .
hashtag sparks sexual assault conversations  - nbc connecticut 
the hashtag that rocked the world . how can we use this social campaign to drive social change ? v
sexual harassment poor behavior the norm in salem ? yes say lawmakers and lobbyists
all these chicks are clearly mis understanding flirting with sexual harassment . it s ridiculous & nothing was stopping them from
bbc launches investigation after radio presenter accused of sexual harassment 
it s not just or it s not a political tactic . is ending the of men in power abusing women . 
these are men & women from around the world not just americans ! it is pervasive & insidious .
who in decided the contours of assembly and senate sexual harassment summaries ? was there a vote ? is the summary under oath ?
women : the men being taught what harassment feels like 
psychologist discusses how creates solidarity for victims of sexual harassment
sexual assault on campus | psychology today 
good ! i should cost him ! there is never a defense for pedophilia or sexual assault !
i promise no really does mean no . it does not mean keep trying . and a lack of a no is also not a yes .
are no longer afraid to say & we aren  t going to apologize or excuse hypocrisy any longer
let victims tell in their own time . and when they do tell believe them . via us at opinion
chef john besh steps down amid sexual harassment scandal
time for to make resign for sexual harassment . he paid a settlement . he shouldn t be in office .
three questions : prof . zoe chance on responses to sexual harassment 
( sexual assault ) : one fifth of americans know someone who said
i will happily speak up for women who can t . stop anyone you know by highlighting their misogyny
not alm both  men & women suffer specific systemic violences never to be oust by obsessive spiel s of victim superiority
one of the most important threads i  ve read in a while . please take the time to read . this is critical . 
it wasn t officially categorized as sexual assault because he didn t touch in the right spot .
whoa  -  oxfam employees being investigated for sexual harassment all former country directors 
share your stories of sexual harassment in the silicon valley
there should be zero room for sexual harassment in the labor movement . 
fine for sexual harassment ? it could happen in france . via
i liked a video my story of sexual assault
is trending big time . but will it lead to big changes ? 
training men and boys to honor women 
cambridge professional  - vc : were making progress on sexual harassment but there s still more to do
chi reporter : taking the conversation beyond sexual harassment
sure but not all sexual harassment is alike and not all workplaces are like hollywood . | jd supra
rape and sexual harassment just a cost of business expense . now what ? 
we also must be mindful that was started by a black woman and black feminism includes storytelling which was not how it was co
last week i talked to jay smooth about raci a justice work & our week without violence ! 
stopping sexual harassment in schools : what the movement means for educators  -
stopping sexual harassment in schools : what the movement means for educators
no more bystanders no more cover  - ups no more silence . from the boardroom to the break room classroom to the family room . no more !
the preatures singer isabella manfredi opens up about sexual harassment in music industry 
characters are not enough to share my stories of sexual harassment . and i  m only  . 
sharing our voices stories & strength . thank you for sharing yours
love people taking an emotional risk and participating in me too ! and if you are a survivor who isn  t up for it that  s okay too .
imagine a world where the number of tweets was the same as the tweets . we d be getting somewhere then .
a reminder of how sexual harassment affects us on a daily basis
sexual assault is about power | psychology today 
you try to forget . you try to move on . but that moment will never leave me .
a porn culture creates a rape culture . when will the movement realize that ? !
it  s not just one monster . reveals the ubiquity of sexual assault | suzanne moore 
it  s not just one monster .  me too  reveals the ubiquity of sexual assault | suzanne moore 
stop normalizing sexual harassment . stop saying well what do you expect in egypt ? or men are men .
in australia ( mainly ) women in media & other fields are investigating systemic harassment . i think many of us have just had enough .
weinstein ? sexual assault  victimization   late checks  who pays for legal defense ? .
sexual assault / harassment knows no party . 
rt rt very cool ! artist erin get  a  life  
student journos looking for pointers on covering sexual assault ? 
sexual assault prevention programs need a new focus and more evaluation writes
official position is that the women who accused of assault are liars
clearly there is an interest in supporting survivors of sexual assault .
what men should forever know about sexual assault 
listen to talk ( and laugh ) about sexual harassment . 
we should stop teaching women how not to  trigger  a man and start teaching men how not to be assholes .
sexual harassment is also that inappropriate comment you made as well touching me without my permission .
talking to kids about bullying and sexual harassment  via
becomes a rallying cry for survivors of sexual assault
becomes a rallying cry for survivors of sexual assault  -  - by mallory locklear
becomes a rallying cry for survivors of sexual assault 
i started crying when i typed this in fb . my  1 stop  that assault happened at  . i blocked it out until it started happening again at
i loved the commentary of men sexually harassing women and it had to stop .
in regards to there is a history of oppression of women . period . and i would like to take this time .
sexual harassment law was shaped by the battles of black women 
you re right . & because statistics for sexual harassment are definitely too low .
oh my  god dana . please be careful . god bless you and your family
does leave out groups dis proportionally affected by sexual assault ? prof catherine connell discusses :
leading a school culture without sexual harassment via
lookin at you men ( not all but most ) who were raised to dominate women . every russian girl is aware of you .
and cow  boys  will be boys . but this will no longer be tolerated . great panel  - thank you !
i just published   a sexual harassment hit list  
any type of sexual harassment can cause psychological harm study says
richard dreyfuss accused of sexual harassment and exposing himself to l . a . writer jessica teich 
when you post on facebook and forgot that you never told you mom who is on facebook .
tips for reporting sexual harassment at work : .
more than once . and if anyone reports sexual harassment / assault to me i promise i will do something .
kathy gyn gell : this witch  - hunt will destroy women  s happiness | the conservative woman  via
me too . it s time we talked about sexual harassment and assault .
sexual assault & sports dave zirin olympic legend nancy hogshead  - makar talks to us about .  via
how do you say in  characters that you know the shame and isolation of sexual assault ? all i can say is
sexual harassment of librarians never happens ; child pornography is intellectual freedom : 
congressional leaders call for sexual harassment training
women extremely close to me have been assaulted and i have been harassed .
u don 't remember me but i remember you . thank you & you gave me hope you beautiful bastard 
gratitude to all the women and men who have spoken out ever . we are all stronger and more empowered because of it 
i was told i was making it up . i was told i asked for it . i was told to be quiet  - or else . i was told it was our little secret .
and this is why men speak up even less than women do . we can t say anything without being dismissed & belittled . we need to fix this .
sparks national discussion on sexual assault  via
france to impose instant fines for street harassment of women 
retweeted catherine mcparland ( is bringing up a lot of stuff for a lot of people and i .
just finished listening to episode with jo brand . great episode . funny & great ideas for dealing with idiots
penny lancaster is brave . drugging women and then raping them is one of the cruelest acts imaginable . i know . 
anti  - sexual harassment campaign takes off in nl | expat ica the netherlands 
powerful : details sexual harassment by von trier | iceland review  via
new story on npr : instead of french women say out your pig
national sexual assault hotline . free . confidential .
it would be great if you would convene a discussion on sexual harassment in academia
sexual harassment should never be considered normal behavior . 
interview : louisville attorney talks sexual harassment movement : via
for some sexual assault survivors movement can be a trigger  via
for some sexual assault survivors the movement can be a trigger
for some sexual assault survivors movement can be a trigger
tom jones says he faced sexual harassment in the music industry 
if you are saying that those saying only want attention then you are part of the problem .
the bystander effect . doing nothing is doing something . our fates shared .
.  i told his boss . who then called me a liar and made me confront him about it . his boss was his uncle . [ continued ]
if you re honest do you take women seriously when they complain about harassment ?
only white people can end white supremacy . in that same vein only men can stop violence against women .
jewish women share their tales of harassment and a rabbi at one s for his fellow men
is taking twitter by storm as women everywhere share their stories .
after more than  5  0  0 k women tweeted men are responding with  words
after more than  5  0  0 k women tweeted men are responding with  words 
after more than  5  0  0 k women tweeted men are responding with  words .
some men feel that women should be thankfu for them commenting on our look us urging us smile etc . no !
raising awareness on sexual harassment and assault 
i hear you ! i looked up the definition of sexual harassment and assault just to clarify . turns out
and there are very few women i know in academia who have not been harassed an assaulted . let that sink in .
gay actors speak out over sexual abuse |
host on women in media panel addressing the hashtag
for every being said today there is a perpetrator out there who probably never faced the consequences and probably never will .
how do we handle what we know now about how women have been treated for so long ? 
members who have exposed their junk grabed the junk of others and committed sexual harassment should be named !
and also because i responded last year to the thread about our first ( ! ) sexual assaults . believe women .
them too : the deluge continues as readers share their stories of sexual assault 
i went on the record to about the sexual harassment i experienced at 
if only as many men were tweeting as the amount of women that tweeted
the reason were reply  - litigating this in  because . & believe in all things . nazis bad slave owners bad pedophiles bad  &
locked into his apt  stories up . no fire escape . why did i marry him ? he wore me down . wldnt leave me alone . it was easier to give in
opinion |  instant  message almost  . and i  m still not sure i  ll ever fully heal from what my coach did to me  | va
proud to join these staffers in pushing for reform on sexual assault policies 
please don 't lecture on sexual assault with especially  if you ever  supported or
the media traffics in outmoded gender roles and that fuels an environment where sexual harassment flourishes
actress accused bush  of sexual assault .  
i noticed how passed over the protest to pick up the protest so do we have to wait another  1  0  0 years ?
romanian hip  - hop band co  - founder fired after sexual harassment allegations  - romania insider 
 my initial reaction was panic  : creator on continuing the sexual assault conversation  - via
for all who care about published a resource for survivors of sexual assault : 
 a female physician perspective  -  reported sexual harassment by patients in ontario . 
models : find sexual harassment information and resources here :
i was  . i was at school on a weekend for practice of some kind ; it ended early and we had to call our parents to let them know .
thank you for your courage . this is why i adore you all . strong women empower one another . thank you .
last digest :  women legislators legislative aides and lobbyists sign on to letter calling out harassment
. proposes joint work to stop sexual harassment & assaults following during sweden  s  presidency
 while men can dismiss a whole range of behavior women rearrange our lives to avoid it . 
exposing the heresy of twisting scripture to encourage women to endure abuse
exposing the heresy of twisting scripture to encourage women to endure abuse | huffpost 
read : bianca c . williams a crescendo in the discourse about sexual harassment field work and the academy
by focusing on concrete solutions to sexual violence can enact lasting change :
actor richard kind hopes some women aren t using campaign for fame .
actor richard kind hopes some women aren t using campaign for fame
bjrk details sexual harassment by danish film director von trier via
resident doc surveys fellow women in medicine on misogyny and harassment new article on 
rick crossland columbus oh is a perpetrator of sexual harassment may  . not behavior is it rick ?
ask yourself again why so many women believe so many men despise them brilliant from 
an important look at sexual harassment and the generation gap . 
the more women in positions of power the more this story will be normal . and eventually antiquated . for now it s a celebration . 
i want to know if the sexual assaul statistics have changed with all of the
the stats are something like  in  women are assaulted but is showing there is so much that is unreported .
by the time i was  my father d stopped sexually abusing me ( though still abusing me in other ways )  elder brothers were now abusing me
a crescendo in the discourse about sexual harassment field work and the academy ( part  )
ways men can be allies to women at work 
our stories should be heard we  ve spent one to many nights battling alone because we too thought we were alone
too afraid of being sent home stayed quiet . will never be quiet again
senators say mccaskill others share their stories of sexual harassment
senators say & share stories of sexual harassment 
senators say mccaskill others share their stories of sexual harassment 
senators say mccaskill others share their stories of sexual harassment via
how do we put an end to sexual harassment ? start in schools :
 love fest  ? we  .  dirty old man saying  love fest  .
this fucking  gay hater disses women as they reveal their tending stories
film winner filmmaker dear bhl a walsh on & the need for women filmmakers & female stories in film
this isn  t easy but .  overwhelmed yet perversely comforted ( relieved ? ) by how many women i know belong to this terrible club .
she withstood horrific abuse & rose above it all to inspire a generation of indian women she is phool an devi .
alyssa milano sneakers off crusade for victims of sexual harassment alyssa milano started the s .  via
can you believe this article about sexual harassment was written by me in  ! 
rt if you won t let push sexual harassment out of the news .
as a childhood and teen sexual assault survivor & are my new heroes .
kevin spacey faces more sexual assault allegations 
my jaw dropped when very   funny implied that the women assaulted by homework were taking shortcuts in their careers
(  ) my earliest memory of sexual assault was by my babysitter  s husband i was about years old & he must have been in his  6  0 s
girls shouldn  t feel uncomfortable or intimidated when participating in activities . we must teach them to break the cycle & speak up . 
really must be a slow news day more fake news and media propaganda
as a man i don 't have a story to tell but my cousin autumn isn t here to tell it and because of that i don 't have all the details .
aside from street harassment during my first & only food job the head cook refused to fulfill orders unless i kissed him first
 i actually felt less alone this week than i have ever felt in my entire career 
the converse of this message applies too . men are sexually assaulted by both genders as well . 
to say nothing of child pornography .  epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
sometimes the scariest things in are the real things that real people do to other real people like sexual harassment .
beauty pageant contestants share stats on violence against women instead of measurements 
why are all these women bragging about being sexually assaulted ? i was sexually assaulted but i don 't brag about it . attention seek n
another example of men needing to learn to respect women . 
how our allies respond to allegations of sexual harassment 
the is heart breaking !  it  s everywhere . all of my female friends . my heart goes out to all of my female .
thanks to the celebs for uplifting & showing sexual assault in numbers . but highligh on it s founding and roots .
one man led the effort to let women know they were being heard .
have you noticed no media fr women . they need support !
men .  what are your feelings on after seeing so many women sharing what they have been through ?
the prevalence of sexual assault and a call to the church
: the prevalence of sexual assault and a call to the church
so many feelings in this movement about all the ways we erase women s humanity . labor . sovereignty .
victims already came out swinging before election yet white supremacist voters stood by their man . appalling . 
this story on sexual harassment ran when i was  4 years old . 
on behalf of minority women we say no woman should ever face sex slavery :
was introduced by a welcome  on cam but t ww gets all t accolades . stop ignoring the racialized experiences of welcome  on cam who experience sexual assault 
now is on the same list as those people he says should get a second chance .  women that are assaulted never get a second chance to be made whole again . ever .
to those sharing we believe and support you . to those who are not at a place to share : we believe and support you .
alabama check out how the forensic evidence of rape victims is being handled in your state  - if at all 
it s amazing that the movement has spread internationally ; women in other countries & other languages .
in  case you missed  it : empowers women to speak out on harassment 
colorado you have over   rape victims waiting for you to process forensic evidence for their case ! 
minnesota you have over   rape victims waiting for you to process their forensic evidence in their case . 
it s vital that we create a climate in which victims of sexual violence can sp 
the hashtag is exposing the scale of sexual abuse
women of the senate share their stories of harassment .
women of the senate share their stories of harassment : via
women of the senate share their stories of harassment :
women of the senate share their stories of harassment  via
women of the senate share their stories of harassment
women of the senate share their stories of harassment 
just a reminder that if you re going to support you have to believe survivors .  all survivors .
new york you have   rape victims waiting for forensic evidence to be processed for their case . 
i graduated from harvard . i too have experienced sexual harassment some from a visiting professor . none of us are free from this . 
you have the power . stop doing what they tell you to do . stop saying what they tell you to say . speak up . 
protests against sexual abuse harassment spring up in  french cities citing banner  
we value a society that is free from sexual harassment and assault .
as outcry over sexual harassment grows focus shifts to state legislatures rhode island is not alone 
the stories are horrible . and we should repudiate sexual harass men (
who can one speak with at and elsewhere about the sexual exploitation inside the united nations ?
where s vi bhuti  - a short film on sexual abuse campaign  via
where s vi bhuti  - a short film on sexual abuse campaign  - via
where  s vi bhuti  a short film on sexual abuse campaign  - via
women flood social media with & time to say 
in  case you missed  it no a law degree doesn  t insulate you from sexual harassment by
i am one of millions of sexual assault survivors living with ptsd .
instead of airing every campaign rally for trump more reporting should have been focused on these trump known facts
when it comes to sexual assault are we better off than our american peers ? anna cor do so explores
thankfully not assault . but definitely unwanted sexual offers and comments . what if say you and i were to hook up ? that is a tame
. say has created a revolution encourage women to share their stories even if statute of limitation is up
mps complain sexual harassment claims still not being taken seriously 
for her ! get gov off our bodies ! stop raping women s rights ! 
thank   you to the rightful founder of unifying those victimized by sexual violence
you are enough just as you are . join the movement to empower all women that they are beautiful .
simple things anyone can do to combat sexual harassment at work
is the govt corrupt ? how did the clinton s become so rich  1  0  0 s millions ? they claimed they left the white house with  left ? 
u . s . senators share their experiences with sexual harassment
a must read for everyone that is a part of the or conversation . so yeah everyone . 
in  i celebrated my friends  2  1 stop  that with  other female friends . as we climbed into a london taxi a random man grop ped my friend . 
women don 't need men to protect us . we need men to stop protecting each other !
one in two trans people in the us report experiencing sexual violence . source : ncte
campaign causing national conversation about sexual harassment .
i say for all the women and men who aren t able to type the words .
thankful for all the brave voices letting their voices be heard
behind via  - how to break a sexual harassment story
and for some reason doesn t consider their sexual abuse from mr . moron mess server enough to include them in the battle .
why are taxpayer funds (  ) being used to pay sexual harassment claims ? make those congressmen public & make them pay with personal funds !
/ if you can t be alone in a room without being concerned about complaints from all kinds of women .  they are not the problem .
to all the women who were too afraid to leave their terrible husbands . i know so many of you .
another alleged sexual harasser exposed in the media 
support for and saddened by by women who ve been sexually harrassed assaulted etc . after
rhode islanders discuss sexual harassment and assault with campaign
and it has to end . we need women to replace the men that are being exposed as the predators that they are .
must listen : prof leigh gilmore speaks with pbs newshour & others on sexual harassment campaign . 
when the market for anti  - rape products for women is so lucrative you can raise millions of dollars for breast cancer
as part of posted photos on documenting an instance in which she was harassed . result ? facebook suspended her . 
it s safe to assume all women you know are represented by we all know a harvey
for those of you tonight who think this is hysterics futile or just women jumping on the bandwagon read .
also let s try not be insensitive men have me too experiences and they are just as difficult as that of women .
ways parents can help stop sexual harassment |
this one is proven ! bill was impeached ! bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet
our country is burning up in hatred of women . we have accepted and normalized this for way too long ! 
now we need to remove sexual predator trump from our wh and fumigate it . 
we must acknowledge that this problem is not just with a couple bad seeds but with a bad system .
the movement inspires a episode about women in the legal industry
oh no . now even hypothetical movie scenes will be accused of sexual assault
yes great milano signal boosted an issue that needs great attention w / there  s no disputing that . my ques . that initiated exchange
they re just messing around it s just a game boys will be boys were both girls it s not a big deal
opinion : i  m a sexual assault survivor . is incredibly isolating .
twitter chat : what says about sexual abuse in society 
for me and also the others i have known who may not be able to post this  - men women transgender non conforming .
thread . what using and in discussions ab rape and harassment looks like to women . 
.  and i denial  of  normal  t know many women who cannot claim
inside the investigation into child sexual abuse at sovereign grace : is leader 
thank you for using proper terms to describe  too many news orgs using  sexual encounter  which implies consent . 
now : join and for topic : in sexual harass men
thanks to all the women ( and men ) who have spoken up about in the workplace ( and elsewhere ) ! 
how to turn into  - we always look for whom to blame for sexual harassment but it s not the faul .
because i refuse to go out after  alone . because women have been taught to be vigilant
when you know these stories personally it s both heartening and mortifying to see the data proving it . 
isn t just a moment of awareness  it s a moment of change . donate to stop repeat offenders wherever they are
me too . friends if you ever need help and resources i will help you find them .
. step aside you letch . the time of do mee ring sexually perverted men is over .
if you denial  of  normal  t have the guts to shout when abuse happens then denial  of  normal  t yell me too
i still suffer from ptsd and emotional insecurity about abandonment and judgement . it s far too common far too common .
celebrating my sexual harasser kendall fells being forced to resign . take no shit ever again you   all .
how many men have been hashtagging majority of bosses r men . power disparity between genders is the boot on women s necks .
everyone needs to read these huffpost women s photo
not only is it a  - okay to attack threaten  rape her to death when she used .  women slammed her for taking the # 
3 novices : what the response says about women s relationship to power the response from women sheds any 
listen now : campaign encourages more abused women to say me too
rt ap east region : in revelation lawmaker says higher  - ranking legislator told her sexual favors would help h 
i have passed through that too . i was  years old and i felt so ashamed at the beginning and then i felt used and humiliated
what a different world it would be if all girls and women were respected .
rolling stone : alyssa milano discussed the inspiration and impact behind the viral campaign she launched thi  
healing after sexual abuse memories are triggered .  _ #
. presents a chance to come together & respect the agency of women in all avenues of life .
 believing survivors of sexual abuse should always be trending
 believing survivors of sexual abuse should always be trending 
walking out of my gate ; being a human in my own community has invited a barrage of sexual assault . enough !
and i no longer let it define me as a person . i no longer question whether somehow i was at fault . i no longer let it strangle me
councilwoman natalia rudi ak speaks out about sexual harassment as part of the movement 
he asked if we liked what we saw we were confused until we saw his penis out . why . 
i a long with numerous women i  ve encountered and have known throughout my life have 
i stand in solidarity with all women whose safety sanity and security have been challenged .
one of the commonalities among several anecdotes i  ve seen is women noting how they reported workplace harassment to a supervisor 
demanding a seat at the table feels like asking for permission . instant  message done let s make a table .
i  have been asked if i am embarrassed ? i am not asked if i hate the police ? i don 't . is someone s choice
thoughts about this article ?  saints who endured sexual abuse :  via
e ! news correspondent accused of by two women  - the hollywood reporter 
women everywhere stepping forward to say including this olympic gymnast
take it from me  - british television and film are rife with sexual bullying | arabella weir 
pittsburgh city councilwoman natalia rudi ak shares sexual assault experiences via
who do you blame ? the sick men or the silent women ?
denial  of  normal  t let outrage over sexual harassment fade . we can stop it . 
a woman was present . that woman suggested lawrence use that photo as inspiration . so women are just as much to blame .
too . sharing for my fellow women . i had to threaten physical harm to make him stop . employer was dismissive .
is a movement  all women  2 come together fearing consequences & tell their stories .
 power concedes nothing without a demand . it never did and it never will .  thank you for your bravery to demand . i believe you . 
celebs react to campaign bringing awareness to sexual abuse
. prof . leigh gilmore speaks with other media outlets on sexual harassment & the campaign
for what it  s worth men can also be victims of sexual assault .
shows transit opportunities for perpetrators of sexual assault in transit see also 
i hadn t realized i do this too . let s change how we speak about this so we can change how we think about it .
we have to change the culture and force change ! read this post on 
if all of us women who have been sexually harass e or dealt with unwanted advances .
taught women studies last year every female student had a story and 
remember  -  - even though you were sexually abused .  you are worthy of love . you are worthy of respect . you are still valuable .
my sexual assault happened in  off  - campus house in 
 nope not me  is what we will see as exactly zero women  s response .
watch : shares story of sexual harassment
on the occasion of happiness i wish every girl and women need not to update her profile
when i was an  1  1 year  old w : big breasts i had a man scare me so much i refused to wash my hair for months to make myself less attractive
ladies & gents have you ever been a victim sexual harassment or assault ?
half the men who did it to me identified as straight . for the last time : it  s not about desire . it  s about power
as a leader of a women s organization w / moderate visibility : at  . again at  . my then  - partner suggested it was my fault .
you are not alone . we are not alone . together stronger we can make this world a better place .
knight landes man resigns from artforum amid sexual misconduct allegations 
this is true . many women survive it many many times in their life . 
french women  outing their pigs  is their response to but it makes one important improvement
women should always have the right and freedom to express themselves and this is why has gone viral . 
told you shouldn t investigate their own sexual misconduct . worse they plan to only summarize themselves . no ! 
as survivors say what will it take to stop widespread sexual harassment ?
it happened two years in a row at my summer camp job . i only reported it because i was worried i wouldn  t be able to do my job (
sexual violence against women has to end . stockholm in solidarity with
women are angry . we got handed a pussy  - grabber  - in  - chief . so we said enough .
listen to ann mahoney kadar discuss all the sexual harassment in hollywood !
hashtag shows just how common sexual assault is  via
so many strong women here . so proud to see the empowerment
i do not pity these hateful bigoted misogynistic sociopaths without morals who defend rapists and paedophiles . they made their choices to be inhumane . they don 't deserve pity but they should be held accountable . they most certainly do deserve that .
the common denominator of all sexual abuse recently reported : 
i  m so shocked by the women attacking people for sharing their stories
where has zero reprisals & women have little power and huge vulnerability . 
is raising awareness but taking sexual abuse to court is a minefield
is raising awareness but taking sexual abuse to court is a minefield 
who was the female director jennifer ? replace incest with sexual hostile work environment .
women s marches had knitted caps . moment has cross  - stitch . political demands + traditional female fabric arts . 
hoosiers tweets show how widespread sexual assault is
what does the research tell us about how to stop sexual predators ? my interview w / 
south america wkshp examines women  s security on public transport again reflects  via
crucial ways men can help end sexual assault 
crucial ways men can help end sexual assault now :
after  ways men can help end sexual assault
women s posts reminded me i too had been that awful guy  via
when does flirting become sexual harassment ?  -  i think it s not too difficult to distinguish the two . right ?
yes that says more likely . they are trying to send a message to silence women . they have secrets . 
me too : academia has it s fair share of sexual predators  the forward
let s change narrative raise mentor girls women to say
in the wake of men are pledging to make changes to fight harassment
in the wake of men are pledging to make changes to fight harassment  via
right now on nightside  - women tweet after the  - wbz  am boston  - call  or
well  - no need to shake & cry if u don 't assault women . you re not the victim here . 
the raw power of it makes the everyday of women s lives visible
to give women a platform .  where all they have to do is stand in solidarity
silencing is approving of miso gin y and violence . so done with these women of bad faith .
how does childhood sexual trauma affect the experience of pregnancy and childbirth ?
helps spark wider conversation around sexual abuse in india
helps spark wider conversation around sexual abuse in india 
helps spark wider conversation around sexual abuse in india :
helps spark wider sexual abuse conversation in india 
how campus sexual assault activists are telling the trump administration
hillary squandered her sordid & squalid career trashing victims of rapist  - bills sexual predation . 
men let s check other men . father s let s teach our sons . men let s check ourselves too .
it was both of my grandfathers and later bosses and people in authority . i know how you feel !  hugs !
the black career women s network daily is out ! 
well since i  have learned a lot about a lot i thought i knew a lot about so i am with the world through new eyes
women must identify truth & stand firm in their commitment to it whatever the cost . we are precious & important
prof pointed out that men could use hashtag  - i e i was a bystander harasser etc . it shows accountability . think about it .
women in political life say here s how harassment and violence limit their  via
courageous thread on i almost wrote unbelievable thread but sadly it s totally believable . 
 beauty provokes harassment the law says but it looks through men s eyes when deciding what provokes it .  n . w
anonymous poll : have you ever experienced sexual in your place of work ?
you are not alone ! thank you for your bravery and helping other women ! you are a
when sleeping women wake mountains move . anonymous . 
rt from to now what ?  actions that could help stop sexual harassment via
because junior high was a cesspit of sexual harassment & i was too ashamed & embarrassed to tell anyone until it was almost too late . 
it didn  t matter that we were in the middle of gym class and it didn  t matter that i said no . thankfully i wrestled him off of me and my friend threw him to the ground .
thanks bonnie marcus for giving me the opportunity to weigh in on and how women s relationship with
i  have made  to look bad businesses since age of  & have had many women employed & i vow to say that i have respected all of them & always will .
yes . if it is unwanted sexual attention it counts . it happened to
is there any man who can say he has not harassed a women ( intentionally or unintentionally ) during his entire life ?
is there any man who can say he has not harassed a women during his entire life ?
george take i richard dreyfuss and gary goddard accused of sexual misconduct .
vigils for survivors and victims of campus sexual assault
abc news : men respond to campaign ( photo : ap
sexual assault comes to light : movement
making unwarranted sexual comments to anyone is not a compli men need to be acknowledged .
 what  s something you got as an adult . but got mine years old . 
good morning women your government was a no  - show at but tuko pamoja
asked today if shia community has a nak  referencing controversy . if you ve been a target of sexual harassment deathmatch me
but honestly i don 't know any women who haven t had at least one experience .
i  have talked to enough women . we all have stories . it has nothing to do with socio economics who your friends are or other nonsense .
 it felt like taking ownership in my own story  it was empowering .  empowers women to speak out
this may be the first good  - use of this meme i  have seen . well played . it still objectifies women though so only credit .
you are defending women from the past who didn  t have a voice . keep spreading
 your voice is your weapon .  these brave women in are taking on sexual harassment :
the campaign inspires olympic gymnast to share her story . 
 lifetime ban for sexual incidents toward children in the chelsea district library  
many women have experienced these gross seemingly random shockingly swift violations . it s never okay . 
sexual harassment awareness campaign is trending
did we all forget about trump admitting molesting women ?  is he above the scrutiny and law ?
live nation executive used pen to film up women  s skirts  wow
in the face of men are vowing to make changes to fight harassment with
i  have learned a lot about womanhood + feminine genius through all of the stories but it boils down to the fact that women are badass .
quotes like this annoy me ! victims didn t ask for it neither did murder rape or child abuse victims nor those with marijuana illness
old school meet current school still wrong & 
bbcworld : rt bbc newsbeat : millions of women around the world are saying
rt bbc newsbeat : millions of women around the world are saying
it s incredibly sad that the vast majority of women could tweet
fellow professional women do yourselves a favor and never go to work for
axes sexual adv on14yo girl ? !  glad  see much outed w /  recently 
re running my piece after controversial in  but women told & tweeted it 
gaining your independence is tough and when young women encounter these monsters we tend to blame ourselves .
confused about what is happening w / all the tweets ?  . we have always been here .  . this presidency is a daily insult to women .
feel devastated to see so many women globally saying so what changes to ensure it stops here ? 
now this news : this journalist started a campaign for women in france
sexual relationship ? no that s statutory rape ! someone stop woody allen + boycott film 
.  struggled to share . to post or not to post . acknowledging it somehow gives it teeth . biting back .
although i think what s the saddest is trying to just think about my  years in advertising alone & how many stories come to mind .
i am wondering about the venn diagram overlap * of the  of white women who voted for trump and millions who said 
before i say goodnight : imagine if all of us who say elect  men to women there as we cross paths ? power . goodnight .
tory ministers hit out at malicious sexual abuse claims against mps 
george h . w . bush apologizes for repeatedly groping women
( most damaging ly by a very liberal feminist who conflated liberation & coercion which made old  - fashioned harassment feel quaint . )
women tweet too after the scandal  - nightside  - wbz  am boston  - call  or
none of us women are hopping on the bandwagon . incredibly offensive and tone deaf  - as is rest of piece .
renee ahdieh says she wants to see more women being believed with movement  - and this not be the end of it .
you are not alone . dept of women  s & gender studies talks about the movement on
on behalf of all women in kashmir who are scared of so called braid choppers & have been denied justice !
the more common sexual harrass er . shaking  my  head 
i am  years old in this photo and this is the first time i was sexually harassed in 
we have to stop the notion that women are crazy or bitches when they speak up against a society that belittles and enslaves them .
twitter trend exposes scale of sexual abuse | euronews 
twitter trend exposes scale of sexual abuse 
if you or a loved one have been impacted by sexual violence call our   -  hotline :  (
the celebrity cafe supports the movement . it s time to drag this monster out into the open and let it burn in sunlight .
is white supremacy too . how did he lure you into a hotel room or office ? he paid for it with his white supremacy .
violence and harassment in european workplaces : extent impacts and policies | euro found 
let  s talk about the  nice  guy sexual harassers  via
from myself to friends and family . we need to end . sexual assaul has many forms but it end .
as a baby at  at  junior high high school college grad school working at the us geological survey working as consultant . 
what do hillary supporting women say about this ? surprisingly don 't expect a response 
& on the dam now ruptured that held back claims of sexual abuse : 
the unexpected paradigm  - shifting power of via | women woke all over the place ; no more silence ?
my heart hurts for all the women who felt their value was based up on compromised morals .
when men feel the need to yell at you from their cars when you walk your dog
in the end the priest said he d talk to my brothers but he said with a half  - smile boys will be boys .
is a crisis . but the lack of women leaders is the national emergency 
i participated in the today . spoke to my passion is an advocate for women equity around the world . 
human dignity sexual morality and christian responsibility via
how has helped working women stand up for their rights 
while women around the world are writing a professional outlet is sharing this garbage . 
very good i supported n even added my  cents to but worry that after a while people will trivialize the movement
what is the role of ambitious a moral women in too clever to comment until there is no cost to their careers about a bygone grope ?
 it  s troubling that we  reply only believed when we  reply among large numbers .   - prof . alisa kessel on the movement
as becomes a movement companies will need to revisit their values . the story s on this weeks podcast :
i don 't see thst happening . unlike us those abusive men are weak .
. is  1 stop  that of it s kind in nepal to take multi  - pronged approach to partnering w / couples  end sexual & domestic violence
we the national sovereign patriots party . have well tought out policy to protecting women
congresswoman says at least two members of are sexual harassers 
i thought i was making it up . i thought it was my imagination . i never got why he scared me so much why he terrified me . (
sometimes fear can be so paralyzing even when love is all around you . love you bre . thank you for your bravery . 
of am . indian women will be raped in their lifetime . this is not the future our native children & grandchildren should inherit
incredibly well written response of acknowledgement & apology written by a friend of a friend in response to  steve she nba um )
what has been your biggest emotion regarding the sexual harrassment or assult ( s ) you experienced ?
this congresswoman wants women on capitol hill to say  via
this congresswoman wants women on capitol hill to say
alyssa milano sneakers off crusade for victims of sexual harassment 
in my experience : reflective sincere christians operate on humility & take ownership for s in . overtly condemning christians operate on evil gr in & use religion to desperately mask s in . especially when caught . just my experience .
women of late night react to harvey weinstein s apology via
how many women have created the because a man doesn  t respect  no  as a responce to their advances .
has ousted another predator . women won t take it anymore . will grab more . be careful 
how to be a leader : create a culture of inclusion for women ; transparency & accountability count
tomorrow on author of catheters slurs * & pick up lines will talk about & hospital nurse harassment .
my horrible ordeal is too ha no us to relate here . i have been an advocate for women s rights for  years .
 i  ve experienced far too much sexual harassment to even fit into a tweet  -  via
sexual violence cases surge in after famous figures scandal
switched positions so many times in my  2  0 s i ended up opening up my own business vowing never to deal power dynamic again . yes .  
sexual harassment in america : what happens after  - nov .    see more
my first year in college i would receive unwelcome solicitations from gay men who didn  t know anything more about me than my looks .
two really unrelated issues . is connected to sexual violence . your views on extra  - marital affairs are completely irrelevant to that
y do these women go2 hotel rooms ? do they not fear for their personal safety ? 
new from the fil am  - cry filipino women calling for an end to sex abuse
my post . harassment & intimidation are really about power . 
french women name and shame harassers . 
what s the appropriate men s response to men are part of the problem therefore part of the soln too !
when i was  i was sexually assaulted by someone who said i deserved it . i still have nightmares about it .
at some point we have to move the conversation from to because women can  t fix this .
teach women not to hit and think it s okay
i  have been harassed in certain ways for being & for years i questioned men s attraction as i could easily pass for   -
most women have a story to tell . we were taught it was our fault . 
it s on men not women to stop this behavior . stop thinking it s okay stop condoning it stop joking about it . 
i do not consider myself a victim of sexual harrassment . i was a target . there s a difference .
acting is not an a vocation it is a job . these women should have been safe in their workplace .
) and i would hope you remember the feeling of scrolling through your feed and seeing all the when this is over . and i would hope
just a fact .  there still are not the services and support there for most men to come forward and say 
men like harvey weinstein are responsible for movement .  can az cure him ?  via
men like harvey weinstein are responsible for the movement .  can az cure him ?  via
as a husban that has heard horror stories of people i know and don 't know infuriates me and makes me worry about my daughter
only took  man to take out spacey yet  women : four & crickets ? that s your stance ?
- we stand with & support all the women in our global community 
amid the movement an agency says upwards of  percent who are harassed at work never file a formal charge .
or that forces women to suffer in silence or face further abuse .  ) me freakin too .
from my unofficial look at this campaign it seems affects virtually every woman i know and this saddens and angers and shocks me . 
the kurdish women own and movement blood on blood a true fight for their rights . 
if wants to help us victims of harassment it ought to lobby con gess to permit notice pleading & end qualified immunity for employers
women  s convention builds on to discuss sexual abuse women in politics
if you experienced harassment in a institution and can speak to please email
n & o  offers apology to actor for alleged sexual advances .
are you still mad at god ? was god the one doing all of the groping and harassing ?
more than   women including actors alyssa milano and anna paquin and mp stella 
it happened to me . probably to most women i know as well sadly .
of female mds responding reported sexual harrassment .  ! 
 call to public officials : reject aphrodisiac of power  for swear sexual contact .
for the career women forced to evaluate the mundane . for those who suffer in silence .
the replies on this are excellent  - and all the reasons why the shit we say to women is absurd and needs to stop . 
or eske s resigns as npr news chief after harassment report 
harassment via to make me feel stupid . no more ! by m mad son | redbubble 
arbitration news : sexual harassment in america : what happens after
why is no one talking about biden s creepy touching of kids and women ?
love hearing yuk king it up about all these causes like such a burden for those men to have to keep up .
of us experienced inappropriate sexual advances . ceo jan molino is one of them more
me too trend on twitter raises awareness about sexual assault  via
if you have to ask someone if what happened to you counts then what happened to you was not okay .
to all men who said they didn  t know what harvey weinstein did . now that you know what are you doing about it ?
women have been listening and believing for years ; now it s your turn . the first tiny letter is on 
in a country that is  safe  such as canada  of indigenous women are sexually assaulted .
judith thank you for sharing . what about encouraged you to share it this time ?
i am considering asking these five men whether they liked or commented supportive ly on a post . odds on all of them ?
a relationship status is not an automatic green light for sexual acts .
at an internship a shop tech said he  d  get his way with me  if there weren  t people around and that other coworkers would too
white people made blm about them . men made me too about them . cishets made pride about them . the spotlight only has one place apparently .
allies launch counter offensive targeting accusers as well as legislator who had faulted his fellow republican ! why women silent
to all presidents past & present & stupid men : right ? 
every time i thought about it my stomach would roil . and when couldn  t satisfy his need for photos he tossed me like a used tissue .
in graduate school i was pressured into a sexual situation with a tenured professor i was not comfortable with .
retweeted wil redd ( what men should take from campaign is not that the women in their .
this story  - when she said she got a gold medal but not without a price . what is the price people have paid ? 
what should be said when a woman says that she is equal to a man but when she says get up this is lady s seat ?
when i cried every day for weeks about my college decision because it was the same college that my assaulter attends .
the big issue : actresses must inspire others to speak out over harassment 
not just it s past time for men to be front & center here .
why some of us hesitated to say take women at their word that we swallow misogyny in it s fuck   you .  via
why doesn t retweet me when i try and bring sexual abusers and into the pubic consciousness ?
liberal men think they know feminism . they really don 't | jessa crispin 
why exactly are we not talking about as another sexual predator ? can we  cut ties  
bob saget on the place blue comedy has amid sexual misconduct allegations
bbcworld : rt bbc rajini v : with so many women talking about their experiences i did the same . we shouldn t f  
how do u think these women felt when their asses were grabbed by an x potus ? where do you draw the line ? 
how do i teach my sons to appropriately communicate sexual desire and intent without feeling misogynistic or sexist ?
why indian men don 't see sexism as a huge problem 
know what sucks ? instant  message right there with you on that !
has shown how insidious sexual harassment is it bears mentioning that part of it stems from a culture that sees women as less than . 
of course me too . also fuck you for not believing women for refusing them as witnesses their own lives .
two great women in a deep conversation maxine williams global diversity mgr
shows how widespread sexual harassment and sexual assault is . 
on the rise w recent survey of unwanted sexual images being sent to  of  v
.  - all women n america treated fairly including female vp n co !
by movement instant  message sure you mean the movement 
i am aware that it  s a cop out .  but what about the men that can say as well . are they not allowed to say that they will believe ?
lindy west : instant  message reclaiming the term witch hunt ( via 
over the summer i received these texts from the guy who sexually assaulted me .
sadly sexual harassment is as much of a right of passage for girls as bra shopping or first kisses
i went public with my sexual assault . and then the trolls came for me . 
norm is cause  of harassment . put us in charge pending your approval ? how about we take charge ? 
via women share stories of sexual harass me .  
as men we can try not only to support every initiative to reduce sexual violence but also be mindful .
what says about sexual abuse in society . join us tomorrow at  p . m . edt for
has shown me how strong brave and courageous women ( and all who have spoken out ) are too .
jason doty tried to sucker punch me but he didn t make contact so no arrest . he abused at least  more women and an infant after me .
violence against women is a human rights violation .
tweets indicating she is victim of sexual harassment or assault .
and then that one . thanks for standing against sexual harassment .
if all the women who have been or wrote on their posts the message would be loud .
is a good conversation starter . have been sexually assaulted and sexually harassed .
/ we must be mindful of giving voice to the most marginalized women ( those jaile who are sexually abused & exploited .
it  s sickening about how people bring others down for coming out with their stories .
because at this point in my life i  ve had more non consensual sexual encounters than i have had consensual ones and that s fucked up
spoiler alert : every woman you know has been sexually assaulted . the degrees of assault will vary but it  s all assault .
yep and not just once or twice . this is a thread throughout many women  s lives .
then when i entered graduate school in physics i was bullied intellectually by men telling me women can t understand physics .
this has to stop ! i have mostly come to terms with my abuse but it doesn t make it any less painful to read these stories 
i commend these women for their courage . they knew the vitriol they  d be subjected to and they spoke out anyway . 
being  years old and at a church event when a deacon makes sexual comments towards you .
in addition to the conversations barbara ehrenreich on workplace harassment  - sexual harassment is just the start :  ?
call to all men . how about we say and mean it so all the women in our world don 't have to say ?
our focus is on how to avoid getting harassed but never on stopping harassment . but by
michigan women say to call out sexual harassment assault via  -
michigan women say to call out sexual harassment assault 
it s easy to be a hero it s harder to be a kind of hero . guess which hero does more damage to sexual predators ? 
is an avalanche of buried stories bernie sanders ( again ahead of his time ) tried to address this in  and quoted out of context
men making fun of ironically prove the problem
ways to support other women in an age of  - the forgiven wife  - via
as of today and all of whom have current releases on do not have profiles on their artist roster page which features twenty men . 
canadian law protects the perpetrators and denies justice to sexual victims . me too jian ghomeshi
all this accusations and confessionals over the   underscores the pervasive ness of this societal problem men need  own this
. this piece is so important because it honestly considers the stakes of  which women  get to say and 
when my body is objectified and handed over for a potential suitability prize . my body is mine . it s too hot for you to handle .
harvey weinstein scandal and hit a nerve with arab women
ashamed to have remained silent allowing the men who do this & are despicable to get by with it .
how to deal with harassment at work . rt lolly daskal
women who ve worked at kill   steal state house say 
a1 : there have been countless other experiences with sexual harassment street harassment etc .
clear case of predatory sexual behavior .
this whole has been cathartic . for years i have been stoic in sharing my story . but maureen s empathetic & instant  message a puddle of emotions . 
was abused by men as a child . no one listened . so i became my hero .
after how many men can truly say harvey weinstein and all the ordinary monsters among 
in california  s capitol legislators say  via won t end until men take responsibility .
actually i think the issue is being famous gives you power and power corrupts . 
it s pathetic america has such a low opinion of women ! he has always been a predator ! 
congratulations on the release of your new book & thank u for sharing your story
regarding the i too have been harassed etc & do not dismiss behavior i would like to say there are many many good men too !
since the scandal & emerged . as a result twitter ceo promised new anti  - abuse rules .
the tape moron . instant  message done here you are being purposely stupid .
backers can afford this expense yet they want us to believe it was a natural trend because women spoke up not orchestrated & promoted
cue anita hill .  this is why women have kept silent . 
i will stand by you believe your will not negate your suffering . please believe me too if the source of my pain differs from yours .
corpus christ i councilwoman speaks out about campaign detailing harassment during run for council seat . tamucc professor reacts too .
i literally don 't know any woman who hasn t suffered from catcalling
men are using to back the twitter campaign  - bbc three 
we see you beverly young nelson . i see you i believe you and i am so so sorry that it happened to you .
poll : nearly half of working women say  - nbc news : 
here s some thoroughly news  - nearly half of working women say 
i cringe when i hear people abuse the bible to bolster a twisted version of the american dream .
our sexuality is closely linked to our self esteem so any inappropriate sexual experience can truly shake us . 
speak up . speak out . read more about me ? thanks for hearing my voice (  )
hard to admit but too true and too frequent for all women not to speak . so here s some audre lorde for all of us .
because we are actively throwing our victims and analysis because the men aren t named and calling it a movement
media alert : watch me on talking sexual harassment and on at  pt 
couldn  t be a more appropriate time to share this photo . i his shirt !
i thought he was my friend he thought he deserved my body . still working through the aftershocks .
we want you to share your stories . only on   -  p . m . est call now :
some women can  t afford to publicly say please keep that in mind y  all
i have been thinking about the campaign  - i have so many stories of inappropriate men it was like where to begin .
is coming for louis c . k ? .  there have long been rumors sexual misconduct floating around him . i .  via
politics wildfires racial tensions vegas shooting & now maryland shooting . troubling times that need sober people with solutions .
reese witherspoon reveals she was sexually assaulted by a director at   - people 
hey you   all . i actually don 't know any women or femme folk who have never been sexually harassed .
aching and powerful . opinion | diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
police does not help sexual harassment victims .
there r men whom r predators & disgusting immoral humans which have no conscious because they feel they r always superior . u r not ! 
q  -  kaya why did you leave the group ?  a  -  because i was abused  abuser  she has no credibility because she didn  t stay to be abused 
this world isn t safe  women but u say  should  ve been more modest !  as we celebrate retribution to an abuser . shame on u
four female senators share their harassment stories  via
u . s . senators share their sex harassment stories  via
u . s . senators share their sex harassment stories  - huffpost 
u . s . senators share their sex harassment stories
u . s . senators share their sex harassment stories | huffpost 
u . s . senators share their sex harassment stories 
open to correction but i would say exactly none . women don 't have a habit of making baseless vindictive accusations . 
yes once he got fired . another i quit . another i refused his investment $ . another i called his wife . more . too many to count .
is it weird for a  year old man to be having dinner with a  year old ?
a short message regarding the movement by ceo audrey thomas .
leena this was the purpose of the hashtag . for all women to name their harassment . is about not accepting the silence .
when a man sexually exploits a woman for his own self  - gratification he degrades his own humanity .
maybe instead of all women saying men could own up to the inevitable shitty things they ve sai to women ?
still wondering why women stay silent & hesitate to say breaks it down . 
rose mcgowan we thank you for this movement  rt
i think we have thoroughly established that the american arena is full of but look out mofos the are about to take over ! quote another verse for me ! take over !
this is hilarious ! trust me  - it s not what you think ! flashing women in hollywood ! * * must see * * via
dudes really are terrible . instant  message not excluding myself .
time to make the link between abuse and film content 
i can t imagine there are any women surprised by all the & it s been said but is worth saying again  -  - the on us shouldn t be on us
you need to know worker missing in oil rig explosion u . s . and s . korea naval exercises  takes off
re upping controversial  piece after but women told & shared & tweeted it . 
for creating campaign  1  0 years ago & for ( unknowingly ) reigniting the movement a decade later
men like bill o and their millions keep the campaigns alive .
people should not be afraid to speak up about sexual harassment
join us for women s day tomorrow & prayer breakfast today !
of people who experience sexual harassment don 't report it . 
jackie speier joins movement reveals she was sexually assaulted as congressional aide .
i was  couldn t say no ; couldn t speak . i froze in terror until a few minutes of tears made him stop ; didn t know it was rape
age  at age  as a college freshman & through out my career in public acctg ( skin by then ) .
millions of victims of assault and harassment are grateful for your words 
goes global : what happened in go a doesn  t stay in go a
empowers women to speak out on harassment  - news  - the columbus dispatch  - columbus oh 
the bravery of the millions of us women who participated in needs to be lauded & we need to do better by them 
join us today  et w / workplace harassment
comfort woman memorial statues a thorn in japan s side now sit on korean buses this is a story
to all men who want a woman . via important reaction .
what could i have said ? what should i have done ? other women have experienced much worse . repeat . repeat . each event . repeat .
 sexual violence occurs against women   -  years of age .
what needs to happen to confront sexual harassment at work ? weigh in .
women i d as assault harassment victims with tweets
khaos od english : women i d as assault harassment victims with  tweets 
women identify as assault harassment victims with tweets
women i d as assault harassment victims with me too tweets 
yesterday  -  prominent yoga teachers share their stories
sarah polley  the men you meet making movies
be not silent at the pain of another . erasure is the most wounding consequence of sexual assault / violence .
like people think it s coincidental but as we piece it together .  uhm why is it that everybody conveniently in these abuse circles
it took a long time for the anger to go away  - the anger at myself
from my message from facebook . this happens to men and women
 the history of silence is central to women  s history .  - rebecca solnit | i believe everyone who has bravely voiced 
instant  message the reason women are posting via
hashtag draws awareness to sexual assault harassment
it s time for men to change their thinking rather than questioning women .
watch an exclusive clip from the light of the moon the independent drama that explores the aftermath of a sexual assault in the age of
read and retweet call to action by dads and men
 rape as cost of business . the ongoing risk of is too little discussed and acted up on to protect
+ times on the train when other people were around . i was sleeping . no one else noticed .
how can graduate from moment to movement yes the hashtag puts the burden on the op pres .  via
if you count just sexual harrassment then everyone has been a victim .
is a reminder of the work we all need to do and clearly we need to do better and be better 
she joined the twitter movement to tell her story . 
public sexual harassment started when i was  . i was a child .
thank you holly for putting these stories out there & thank you to those who shared them  - we are stronger together !
how went vigilante in with female students accusing academics of harassment  via
because i was sexually assaulted by my neighbor when i was  & it took me years to overcome it and have the confidence that i have today
in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say
- in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say
in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say 
in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say  via
well said .  typing the words is enough to trigger some survivors . there are varying levels of assaults & harassment 
today s post lucky lindy was a bigamist who fathered  children to four women ; neil armstrong was a bore 
campaign raises awareness on sexual assault and harassment .
in  i went to my first in to see a favorite band . didn t know what it was all about . my shirt was .  (
retweeted type 1 hurdles ( for all the women standing up posting  - there will still be some .
fat ugly disgusting bastards like and use the to sexually abuse 
code pink has march and sexual abuser of   - year  - old girl
the narrative is victims are someone s daughte & never calls out offenders as someone s so
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault  - 
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault via
: twitter flooded with personal stories of assault 
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault 
ten years before was a hashtag it began as a one  - woman movement  via
i don 't know a single woman who couldn t post what i want to know is
listen : on & the culture of sexual harrassment & violence  * like
: it takes a community of women saying this has happened to them .
were smarter but is heavily present . my links often tell people  select one other . to share news
if you say women are tweeting for attention you are part of the problem !
after how many men can really say harvey weinstein and all the ordinary monsters : 
are the victims raped & sexually preyed  - up on by & attacked by a soulless money  - grubber . 
it happens to women and men and it has happened to but it needs to stop 
the rise of the movement . with a great story on featuring founder 
i still question whether the harass men i  have endured counts .
i can  t think of any woman i know on some level that wouldn  t have been able to use
why do we all put more energy in racial issues than fight sexual abuse ? .
to all of the women who have shared their stories and to those who haven t thank you for your strength 
this is truth for nearly every woman i know and several men . 
yes . turn ( victim shouldering burden . again . ) into ( men taking responsibility ) : 
because instant  message tired of letting it define me .
my book is about . my recovery from child trauma & rap harassment as a model . u can recover ! 
these women spoke out against for & their voices matter .
five ways that men can honor and become an advocate for meaningful change
had a gun pulled on you by a man who you told you didn t want to dance .
my stories r private but it is time for and we are strong & beautiful
uk sex assault inquiry into harvey weinstein widens  - 
but also a reminder harassment and assault happens daily
it is never okay to say  she looks like she wants to be raped .  never . liberal or conservative . it  s just not okay .
thank you for your work .  the faux  - feminists who attack the victims undermine 
harassment in schools is an uncomfortable subject but it is one we must tackle unrelenting ly .  
hollywood is a cesspool of rape ! but yet so many people in america idealize them . dumb !
although i  m fairly certain only people already aware of the problem will see me chiming in .
our partners in know all about and they are standing up to end violence against women in their communities ! 
india urges private sector to report sex harassment after
/ what   ever spoken to more than two dozen people in they shared their stories from the texas capitol .
the social media news network is out !  stories from
we need men in this fight . was one of them and i am forever grateful . 
at work coworker made a joke of it after i was upset took employer almost  years to fire him but for different offenses .
that s wonderful . we all need people like your friend who can hear us without judging us !
i hope is a first step to sexual predators don 't stop until they are stopped .
instant  message not comfortable admitting this but maybe that s exactly why i should .
watch : it s gabrielle u opens up to robin roberts about movement personal stories about fertility ivf & more  
over  women chime in after l . a . times details directors sex abuse reputation 
in the wake of do u think women will face less harrasment w / read more :
. shares her story . click to read & share yours .
hosts law prof fribourg uni s wiz er land alum tortured & sex abused me ask them about hosting sex perverts
more sound advice for all the men out there wondering what they can do after including myself .
diana nyad : my life after sexual assault a great piece . is so many of us .
sexual assault and harassment happens everywhere . what are we going to do about it ? 
my harassment came at the hands of male  feminists  
my harassment came at the hands of male  feminists 
it s not your fault . nothing justifies sexual abuse / harassment
i wrote this  - i am a member of the women & this is a real fact
me too . repeat harassment offenses by the perp . allegations ignored by my boss hour and the owner .
abilene woman empowered to share story by movement  - > 
years in the usaf (   -  ) as a woman the greatest traumas i experienced : consistent and persistent sexual harassment & assault .
my  block this person  lists are a testament of the online & offline harassment i  ve experienced throughout the years .
i don 't even know where to begin . on what planet does someone come to believe they are entitled to violate another person ?
i didn  t see many men use .  the reason is because it  s a stigma it  s a shame you lose your manhood .  
what did you think of share your perspective with the washington post 
just binge watched the second season of on amazon . is great and whole sex harassment storyline on trend .
from to who me ? where are white women when a black woman is called a whore ?
if all the women who ve been sexually harass e wrote as a status .
is the appropriate response for men to make to and mean it . this is our problem to solve .
i didn t date any grown men that my mother didn t approve of when i was a teenager either .
i  ve put up with quite a bit of harassment in just the mere  years of my life .
rising of the sacred feminine in real time . wow . thank you all .
george h . w . bush apologizes after actress says he sexually assaulted her 
punishing out one predator does not change the environment for sex harassment say experts on
lewd remarks stalking by men and inappropriate touching in south asian spaces 
& a my harassment led to strong discussions w my team about dangers in field . infuriating that we had to have them .
instant  message not sure if this violates the terms of legal agreement i signed but who cares ?
the torrent of stories reveals just how much time we spend dealing with this shit .
timing is everything instant  message sure that could be arranged
i understand sarah . sorry to hear of your hurt . but it s good that you stood up to the neanderthal .
men hugging protects women !  hug your dads and brothers and uncles !  so that women can stop tweeting
coworker friend countless men i  ve never said one word to
i will always be thankful for the people in my life who encourage me to be brave enough to say
women around the world fight back at harassment  via
davos : women around the world fight back at harassment
women around the world fight back at harassment
  things men can do rt f n to support women  by 
  things men can do rt f n to support women  by
i respect and support all the women for breaking their silence . 
nope women aren t saying for justice we know we won t get it .
sexual violence is far too common everywhere not just in hollywood
letter to the editor : if you  reply shocked by you  reply actively contributing to the problem .
and yes i do care i have nieces i have cousins a sister a mother and a girlfriend much respect to all women
according to my friend there could be a hashtag for men who admit to minor sexism ( but only if we did not punish them )
3 novices : why the movement can be a trigger for some the onslaught of headlines about the harvey weinstein s 
i spoke to a reporter about how took off . it was an organic and passion  - driven movement . thank you all ! 
thousands share stories of sexual abuse  via
can we take the word  alleged  and replace it with the word  said  as women continue to recount their stories ?
closing healing space clinician simi licht man pens men are survivors too 
when your reality is harassment and intimidation .  these are the leaders of our country !  
how to respond to sexual trauma and an amazing article by
what synchronization between the draft law on the sexual consent of minors :  or  years old ( to say  ) here in & the !  something escapes me or not .
what the hell ? how about men stop abusing in the first damn place !
top story : what me too is teaching artificial  intelligence  - shelly palmer  see more 
i was sexually harassed by raul julia on  while dressed as a cow in the new  york  city subway .
today on ellen stands in solidarity with the movement
ten years before it was a hashtag it began as one woman s search for safety 
today at  discusses with why is beyond a hashtag & why she says it s a movement .
how to deal with workplace harassment with executive leadership coach
i actually really appreciated & could relate to his experience being sexually harassed .
highlights rape culture in stories told and untold via
town hall your stories of survival & resilience matter . share it . . join us
the hashtag yielded thousands of women who say they have been sexually assaulted . 
tomorrow ! we will be discussing sex abuse and marriage . let us know if you d like to chime in ! praise
let s fast forward a couple of years . it s lunch time . everyone is in the hallway . this freshman is now a junior . wiser .
fox news : sexual harassment is bi  - partisan . fox news opinion 
new :  tips for dealing with workplace harassment lolly daskal via inc rt lolly das 
because as an insecure  6 th grader i had to have my locker moved in order to not get harassed .
for many people doesn  t feel radical or empowering  it feels frustratingly familiar 
and some don 't even have maids ! nor chauffeurs ! sure wish men had helped me instead of prey on me . 
i wrote an operator  - ed about men s important use of 
men should feel bad about pushing women to take such desperate measures because they are indeed desperate
and won t give up until passes real reforms ending sexual harassment culture in sacramento 
in the wake of how to handle harassment in your workplace  - nova scotia  - cbc news
most stories are not celebrities & there are millions of us family friends coworkers we are everywhere 
so for me is an even bigger reminder that instant  message not alone .
ellen welcomes   - year  - old amputee who survived santa rosa wildfires discusses movement . 
that  s one of the strategies that people who prey on others use . they are likeable  - they can make you feel good about yourself until they cross the line .
havas group initiates mandatory harassment training in light of wider revelations
crazy womyn s reproductive system r political ized legislated & debated by men . where does it end ? whn we all stand up & end it cold . 
from the catcalling to inappropriate grabbing and touching ! it s not harmless it s harassment !
6 years a vegetarian had bad bad eczema . saw dermatologist at beaumont rock   out  -  - ate me at  - never had eczema again . decades later  - plant based
as u claim that it lasted for seconds i further put it to u that an average time a males take to ejaculate .
this has to stop . every woman has a story to tell .  encourage then to speak 
if the only way to abolish sexual a bus is to show the magnitude then yes : 
too often i downplay catcalling following and other unwanted contact as minor harassment .
sexual assault or harassment is never the victims fault
sexual harassment and the movement : catalyst for change or fleeting moment ?
sexual harassment  : what everyone needs to know 
us senators say share their own stories of being sexually harassed via
is like ptsd every time you hear of another perpetrator and other victims 
survivors march protests sexual harassment in hollywood  - breitbart
survivors march protests sexual harassment in hollywood
i think she is saying be a street walker which is a whole new meaning to the campaign
woman behind it s bigger than a moment in time
the victims of sexual abuse are the only voices that matter 
a note about / mps staff have no hour . their mp is everything . there s no one to complain to . which is why instant  message not
my ex  - wife ( ex  - wife was sexually assaulted by one of her uncles when she was a teen . she told me . | for her :
i would like to know where all this women were in  during campaign ? i ll tell yeah voting for him
and that s such a problem with many stories . you think somehow it s your fault !
aj plus : after some men on twitter are ready to change .  others not so much .
wow . rhyming pitches with bitches . you really can t read mood can you ? don 't use women  - hating words
 how my best friend sexually assaulted and emotionally manipulated me for a year   
[ thread on sexual harassment and abuse campaign . ] 
were talking about fidelity investments and sexual harassment at work . do you have a story ?
make sure my kids both daughter & sons fully understand & respect the notion of  - !
i was sexually assaulted by correctional officers in fl . sex workers are one of the most vulnerable .
because i never thought about how weird it was that a  year old wanted to fool around with my freshly  year old self
deputy claims he was demoted for helping sexually  - harassed co  - worker |
female lawmakers allege harassment by colleagues in house
female lawmakers allege harassment by colleagues in house 
feel like i was waiting for this to come out . prompts illinois politicians to tell stories via
 i  ve been waiting to feel less angry .  let no one doubt the power of righteous indignation and it  s prophetic power . 
so me too because these are just a few of the things that happen to women every fucking day .
rt  tips for dealing with workplace harassment  by
now that i am a mother i tell my daughters to tell me when this happens and that it s not their fault .
i was sexual l abused by my then step  - father from the age of  to  .
many will not post too many questions or discomfort . safe to assume for most people .
revelations continue to rain in u . s . looks like indian men are much too decent .
sexual assault victims are posting on twitter 
years later  years later  years later  years later  years later  years later oh  don 't die ?  years later instant  message not my body .
top story from everybody : tsunami van bli j ft job goss cha   see more
of course & nobody has enough time to hear all about it because that would take about  years . me too newss photo
i was  and to this day instant  message still terrified of him i remember every second of that waking nightmare
cruelty . abuse . unprofessional in the least . toxic environment . another horror story . 
time to speak up misogyny scandals in academia not only film academy !
folks apologizing for their homework remarks have identified themselves much like those of us sharing the tag . now we know .
when the police arrived the officers told her not to bother reporting it as it would be time consuming & birthday would be over . 
instant  message seeing a lot of statuses .
just learned that in france is  - as a society we must be better . harassment can never be tolerated
visually powerful drawing on the issue of sexual harassment by liza donnelly the is not only a hashtag of .
retweeted katie brinker ( isn t about us wanting pity . we want people to realize the .
whenever someone asks my view of the movement this is what i tell them about .
or in college w / a guy i knew . he told me once . i said no . he told me twice . i said no .  /
women share stories & strength with through the we will support their bold ideas . 
i  ve now witnessed two moments today . men we got   to do better .
for those who are going crazy with the stories . there is perfect solution for it ! 
remember when the left was celebrating hugh heffner s life as a sexual liberator rather than a predator ?
every woman has likely experienced sexual harrassment or sexual assault .
no one thinks people should go to jail if not convicted in court 
to every woman i know ( and some men ) that has said my heart goes out .
in mo in  it was a crime  to take any woman unlawfully against her will & by force menace or duress compel her to be defiled .
they shouldn t be allowed a shred of power . they will always abuse it . people like that don 't change .
ever been slut  - shamed by a reporter before ?  - this is that story .  
poll : a majority of americans now say that is a  serious problem   via > abuse
great operator  - ed from in the dear men : it  s you too
we should always fight against sexual assault & violence but leftist philosophy does the opposite . they re wolves in sheeps clothing
- i was sexually assaulted by a cop lending my voice to others so they too can speak up . 
instant  message literally being harassed on the street as instant  message typing this .
a guy licked his lips at me at wawa and then watched me walk home ( ended up diverting at my neighbors cause i was scared )
good men should not be quiet spectators  - our executive director on read :
female meps tell of their own sexual harassment experiences
the hashtag is breaking me . we failed you . we failed you big time . ugh .
someone said that this is fake . hope not ! who doesn t have ties  russia ? instant  message voting . 
the hashtag was used over   times in the first  hours but the movement continues . more from
how to listen to and support victims of sexual trauma
because i should not have to consider wether or not to wear a bra based on the outrageous amount of men who stare at my chest when i don 't
oh hey jackass who blocked me on twitter yes rape is still rape even if it is a person you re dating that commits it .
how can we better hold men accountable for their actions ?
instant  message only  . these have happened in the past year at my very liberal university .
i don't know how to share my story . because i still blame myself for  being too drunk . 
alyssa milano : how we can help women come forward
what happens after and other men voice their support and starts springing up
instant  message an outspoken rape survivor but didn t participate in here s why . 
but most women want to be sexy for men . sorry . and even not sexy  - men want sex with women .
this is one of my favorite writing pieces so far . thank you for your relatable story 
 sexual misconduct  ? !  thanks for minimizing language for sexual assault !
thank you for finding the courage to share your story with us jamie .
former assistant breaks n da to reveal years of harassment cover  - ups via
men join in with sexual assault hashtag  via
men join in with sexual assault hashtag 
men join in with sexual assault hashtag  - the telegraph 
+ modern consciousness  - raising : why do we need a campaign to prove is an epidemic ?
as unfortunate as it is but first time when i was just  ! don 't know if it changed me for better or worse but i am more alert now .
denial  of  normal  t make trans and queer survivors a footnote 
many women have a experience  - debating a bill today to help end in
( get _ repost )    i was sexually harassed groped physically and 
wanted to share my moment that i didn  t know was a  it  s from  after the  2 and debate 
/ if you re a man and you followed a woman a couple of blocks out of your way just because you enjoyed her backside say why don 't you ?
not to take anything away from campaign but by both men and women
i can  t imagine melania trump saying this but if there ever were a time to copy michelle this would be it .
julian assange and skeevy guys strike back certain men have a powerful interest in portraying .  via
i know for a fact that there are people i know personally who haven t shared yet but could it s still there even if they don 't say it
when people ask why now ? to victims of sexual assault .
wouldn  t it be great that instead of being defense about you would just stop assaulting and raping people ?
this is key . we can t protect ourselves and make sure men s egos are in t act as well . were all in this together . 
if you  reply remotely interested in make time for this long read . 
it  s time to end toxic masculinity & rape culture .
i can t post this to facebook so instant  message putting it here .
sadly it s only one of too many stories . so inspired by all people who are stepping up and sharing .
throws light on cities unsafe spaces : the campaign on social media has 
demonstrates vast personal tragic scope of harassment abuse our loved ones are hurting . 
telling stories seeking justice : the movement insightful perspective
the first time was in middle school .  years later all i got is that  s the logical conclusion of your oriental ized youth fetish .
woke up to the thought that sandy could have the drive  - in scene with danny in grease . assault is part of our culture .
includes olympian nassar s  victims > weinstein + cosby + sandusky + ailes + hastert + o reilly . 
global impact of the weinstein story : on version of 
sharing your own story can be empowering but it doesn  t always help . and it almost always hurts to relive it
i recently shared my story for the first time for it felt .  relieving . 
me too . together our voices can no not be silenced . if you have ever been sexually harassed or victimized say it  - me too .
 thank   you for saying what we all know and struggle w / every day .
new content up on the stream ! we  reply grieved by all the stories online these days  but hopeful in the gospel . 
<  -  - this is a woman s norm . this is not about sisterhood ; this is about arresting awareness . if you are surprised you re the problem .
working towards a world without violence against women 
. is saying in solidarity with survivors of sexual abuse in athletics :
thank you for highlighting the responses of to together we can make things better . 
i added a video to a playlist campaign against rape gains momentum
thought it was just something women had to deal with  - but that doesn t make it right .
rachel mcadams and selma blair share their experiences of sexual harassment and assault
every . single . woman . i  ve talked to about this has a story . including me .
victims get comfort from my rap song   download apple music
people asked if my rapist had filmed the assault so he could watch
men here are  things you can do to better support women after via 
men here are  things you can do to better support women after 
gymnast mckayla maroney credits the movement with her decision to come forward : 
click here to support cats against catcalling for cc as a & it s on us organized by .   via
why do some feel it is acceptable to consume abuse discard demean bury us for the sake of their hypersexual behavior ?
notice to et al . read below & think . 
every christian leader should read this response . thank you 
i sexually harass my partner at every opportunity . why else have another sex ?
women who cldnt stand each other bonding over the fact their husbands digitally orally vaginally & anally raped the same child
when you go to post and have trouble deciding which of your stories to tell .
so wonderful to launch my today at with  - thank u ! change is coming !
we want men to stand with us . there is strength in numbers .
must take movement seriously or risk tarnishing it s witness for christ :
one cause at a time folks .  that we are voicing ours doesn t take from yours . from joanne win stanley .
do you know how to fracture the cycle of abuse ? it starts when we break the silence . 
/ and he rolled again and readjusted so his crotch was back against my knees . i moved a second time and then he stopped .
outlier : reading   -  lsu  - s campus port restaurant stage . pr : outlier reading  :
some true stories a long the lines of bearing in mind they are not just tales of but .
walking home i was surrounded by men screaming fucking bitch & whore while shoppers entered & exited whole foods .
thousands of men are now tweeting in response to campaign !
t4g is biennial conference done by the same dudes in tgc that block people who say but pretend to care about
sexual assault is any sexual contact with someone without his or her consent .
you re right . it s just that articles are about hollywood or when sexual assault happens everywhere .
story of missouri slave who murdered her rapist owner is back in national spotlight
almost every one of my friends has been a victim of sexual abuse of some kind . but what about
the campaign stretches across all industries . today well share some articles from different professions . 
it  s unnerving to read a scroll of  me too  s on facebook  - broken up by so many men posting .  anything else .
pittsburgh councilwoman joins me too movement discloses having been assaulted  thank you
instant  message getting tired of this crap .
it must !  will harvey weinstein  s fall finally reform men ? via 
i think should go and say in front of media . padma wat i would not release .
3 novices : why the movement can hit a nerve for some the onslaught of headlines about the harvey weinstein sc 
retweeted sonia cha bane ( sincerely i don 't know a woman who hasn t been . stay courageous .
opinion : in wake of campaign men must become better listeners
we are offering a powerful healing clinic on  . men welcome ! w / details & rsvp :
to anyone who s been sexually harrassed assaulted or abused you aren t the problem . is .
we all must stand against it . it s huge networks of organized rings bigger than ever imagined . speak out .
on  separate occasions men in movie theaters touched my leg . i changed seats but now i wish i had punched those assholes .
 let heaven and men and devils let them all / all all cry shame against me yet i  ll speak  . emilia othello . shakespeare our contemporary .
i feel like  i knew enough to do more than i did  could be the title of just about every man on earth  s autobiography .
a kind of parallel conversation to is of which  in  women are a victim . read more : 
too many times in too many ways . they laugh it off because they think they are entitled .
v important & brave story by on how investigations of sexual harassment are suppressed
. graves : instant  message not surprised by the volume of but it is still overwhelming and powerful .
i feel my country zombi fying . russia must be so pleased . i  have been assaulted constantly by a barrage of mindless stupid .
for those sharing and for those staying silent .  know you are not alone
i  have only dealt with harassment from strangers but i stand with every person who has dealt with the same or worse
the rain makes me smile because it feels like a memorial for the memories and stories that have not been told
and i expect that nearly  of us have been sexually harassed in one or more ways .
struggle to share so many loved ones don 't know .
today is for the u paperback ed . of  - hoping this story will reach an even wider audience !
this is the closest i ll ever get to admitting in a public way what actually happened .
strong ladies don 't need victim culture they need a glock ! > 
some just wrote  me too  while many others described their personal experiences of harassment or assault . 
to the women with the candor & strength to post and their experiences : i love you all so fiercely .
i  have deleted versions of a contribution but instant  message not ready yet . instead instant  message re sharing this piece : 
here s why many sexual assault victims don 't disclose right away
a bit of background on the origin of movement before the phrase was utilized by celebrities in  : 
( get _ repost )    this is a vulnerable ask but instant  message taking a 
i have been hiding it for so long . you never think that it would happen but when it does all that fills you is shock . it s a nightmare
and he was never punished for what he did . sometimes our legal system fails the people who need it the most .
you are brave if you need support were here for you  at :  or reach out to [ art by ]
 reply  - defining manhood  by on harvey weinstein & toxic men via
on today s stands in solidarity with the movement . don 't miss it starting  3 p on
the should take the movement seriously lest we tarnish our public witness for
and i wrote about it last year . seems like an appropriate time to reply  - share :
be a male ally by & support people who identify as survivors
this campaign showed us how widespread this problem is devastatingly so . now the ? is what happens next ?
if you ve been harassed that s unacceptable . but don 't make about gun control or dems no way
] but is should be . violence that nearly kills a woman should be punished w / prison for assaulter .
i once dated a man who thought buying me dinner meant i owed him sex .
our sincere apologizes if it was interpreted as spam . our goal was showcase a way for people to contribute to actual change & action from
if a doctor assault you you can notify police and the medical board where h is licensed . check
asheville woman says campaign empowered her to share her experience 
now when am i going to see my timeline fill up with men committing by to speak up and out to other men ?
and now you know the real reason for the  week ban ! 
use anger as a springboard . it s where we get out of the oppression and real change begins .
my entire life many have joked about my last always in a sexually harassing way too .
grandmas have been rape in their homes . likely were dressed moderately so f*ck  talking about what people were wearing
good men should not be quiet spectators : ed on read :
the movie star he managed seemed to mentally get off on the fact that people would spar around him in such magnificent drama .
they say i make women seem  weak  . i  ve always thought that ridiculous . the women are among the strongest people you could meet 
go hug your wives girlfriends daughters and mother s . they all have stories
wherever there is a position of power there is the potential for abuse maroney said . 
the demand for change gets louder with each woman who speaks out
& far too many i know . this thread reminded me of as i read in by
 how many women will it take to say before men talk about
unfortunately i know of no female who has not been at the receiving end of men s lack of accountability . all men have
when my daughters joined i knew i had to tell my story . 
when my daughters joined i knew i had to tell my story 
don 't ask me where i am from i am not your asian sexual fantasy you knew what you were doing i still remember
. says sexually harassed staff should go to police
a father figure i went to for support said i don 't know what you re complaining about . you re not bleeding .
the two big incidents of harassment were with guys i was friends with
is a massive issue that requires deeper conversation incl . men . listen to this episode :
is about power and dominance over bodies that aren t yours . an important thread . mds subjecting perfectly okay bodies to pain & torture 
every single woman i  have ever met has a to tell  - it s not it s & demands dignity 
- but you knew that anyways because instant  message a girl in tech .
a woman ahead of the march in hollywood today .
but more importantly where do we go from here ? poem : people survive in different ways by nikita gill .
i feel like i  have been in a war for my whole life against various kinds of bullies and their silent enablers .
- i was recently punched in the stomach by a stranger in dtla . just because he felt like it . i did not know him .
new law means men in france face fines for wolf  - whistling  via
for god  s sake listen to people when they reach out to you .
when i was sixteen i almost got sexually assaulted by a boy who had a crush on me . he would stop touching me and kissing me .
tell me about it ! colin kaepernick covers up my rape & i am the one media black balled ridiculed slandered defamed & attacked ! smdh
today s pays homage to pick one up to hear from survivors and advocates .
we call for renewed investment in the fight to end all violence against women .  -
so like all things considered yet i found that i couldn  t say it . and at the time of this writing i still struggle to say it .
i denial  of  normal  t feel like hashing our encounters but if there  s anything that  s been a constant in my life it  s been this .
rt together 4 girls the women who fear saying via ajenglish
go men s response to the campaign must be more than hashtags 
basically let  s not believe victims  always  let s keep covering up and pretending this ain  t happening 
does hashtag activism like have the power to end rape culture ?
this rape culture is actually distracting from this is telling women to get over it . this is .
i want to connect with everyone who voted against trump . 
opinion | the next step for is for men to join as allies
sex abuse allegations : will & cut ties with after fires d emotions not enough & who  s next ?
me too . and i dream of the day when being a woman doesn t imply having to play defensive all the time . it s so exhausting .
first at  then  then  then  then  then  then  .  now hoping instant  message finally too old but not counting on it .
million stories told in just  words : how is breaking a stigma ( and the internet ) 
million stories told in just  words : how is breaking a stigma ( and the internet )
pivotal memory was as an applicant . admissions counselor lee red at me the whole time . i went back and complained .
after on social media rise against with movement .
you may wish to change that picture of a woman being harassed . 
bjrk claims she was sexually harassed by a film director 
for each woman that doesn  t have the courage to say you are not the only one . reading the messages is even surprising to me .
the amount of women i know posting is terrifying . i am also one of those women . this has to stop
sorry . not buying it and neither are the women posting all over social media .
a social worker shares her reaction to the campaign
have you noticed interference with ? struck at same time threatened usa over pres trump
yes ! empowerment is key not victim culture  . get & get armed  .  .  . 
many men who have practiced hyper  - masculine behavior have been sexually assaulted in the past . 
support by ditching harvey weinstein as producer of project runway
let  s not forget that has been sexually harassed by on national television .
we need to pray for the victims not the perpetrators . let all the perverts burn in hell !
after campaign goes viral men are saying
seven and a half years ago i learned that nothing will ever prepare you for assault 
remembered today : phila hairdresser who rubbed himself against me while cutting my hair
access journalist claims to know all the dirt about presidential campaigners but nothing about his creepy co author ? 
why didn t you tell anyone at the time ? are you sure ? what were you wearing ? how much did you have to drink ?
if you can say then talk to nabs : what to do if you work in advertising & feel sexually harrassed
and need help to tips for yourself or those you for so much good info ! 
i was a child and it was a woman . my trauma led directly to being diagnosed with two mental illnesses in .
if you  ve posted a experience & would like to share your story contact at  or
the estimate of  of all girl sexually assaulted is probably too low .
the campaign has sparked the conversation .  what do you feel is the next step ?
retweeted chelsea mayne ( i  have been assaulted and harassed ( like literally every woman .
on caldwell and m alone say only the start of changing sex harassment
i wrote last year about one of my own numerous experiences of sexually harassing conduct 
i left the climate movement because of it s toxic culture via
who is the ally of u born who are killed during an abortion ? millions kill every year . they want to talk too .
supports all survivors  - those who speak out & those who choose not to . can be through journal or art .
in this way i was sexually harassed when i was in seminary . it wasn t anyone from seminary but it happened when i was vulnerable . 
and all these saddening stories of who are compelled to remain strong ( for all the shallow reasons ) are coming out with
harvey weinstein reportedly hired detectives undercover agents  try  halt publication of harassment claims 
of courage refuse to tolerate abuse  - global times  - 
the tag . sickening that so many people have been treated so poorly by indefensible action
because i  ve been a victim too . i was assaulted by a homophobic asshole in a red pick up truck crossing broad stop  that in
may the movement continue to upend entrenched social behavior and empower us to do the same with our treatment of
instant  message not a regular facebook user so i haven t been on in a couple days . it is breathtaking .
how do you turn a disruptive moment into a productive movement ? valuable ideas from toilet   paper make workplaces safer 
it s shocking that many of my female friends are posting stories on
the  1 stop  that time i was  years old married and breastfeeding our baby . i said no not without a condom and he ignored me .
when i tried to file lawsuit these criminals at scosche industries had and have random people to threatening me to death .
with every additional claim potential costs of adding your voice are diminished .  - on the movement 
because i felt too embarrassed & guilty about being sexually assaulted to even admit it to myself for over a year
at she says we offer financial aid for survivors to seek counselling . please reach out we are here to help . 
to those women that have been using i just want to let you know that that you are not alone that i know of women that were raped
thank you for your vision ! you have given us language & a way forward .
too many times to bother re counting here . i literally don 't know any woman who have never been harassed . none . not one .
in response to | what to do if you see a female coworker being harassed  via
offers important advice for responding to the campaign . check out this infographic !
the only woman who can t tweet because no man or woman would have sai done anything to this pig .
 al michaels harvey weinstein s   good monday lake pontchartrain john oliver
 al michaels harvey weinstein s   good monday
 al michaels harvey weinstein s   good monday john oliver
i didn t even know where to begin my heart hurts because i had enough scenarios to make an actual list .
i  m heartbroken at how many women are posting i believe you . we need to do better .
it s a tragedy when the assault happens with the person you are in a relationship with . and a tragedy if it is a complete stranger .
abc news : the preatures singer isabella manfred is post elicits more stories of sexual harassment  
 gals instant  message very touched by all your emails & working as quickly as i can to get to them
instant  message looking for more information about your march on nov .  .
this is happening everywhere . wherever there is a position of power there seems to be potential for abuse . 
nepali women speak out against sexual harassment
goodness gracious what century do we live in .  but people still ignorantly question the need for feminist efforts 
men get raped and molested . full stop .
in this weeks news : update story & what true patriotism sounds like .
this is a great stand for change and respect for women ! 
need a headhunter to deliver retribution boondocks saints style to my mind rape abusers who refuse to let me be .
nice to see real progress being made since although there is still much work to do . 
are victims who watch as this soulless liar  - n  - cheat puts $$ $ before anything on 
today i had the honor of sharing my story . i heard many others .
another male student with a story assaulted by a woman 
the irony of seeing from people who ve abused you or who have enabled your abuser is rich .
raped by planned parenthood . one woman s story and emotional decision to stand up . 
a local woman shares her story on coast live
i am focused on concrete actions that we can take to end sexual harassment & sexual violence in maryland . 
and by the way for  what it's  worth never fear exposing people who harmed you .
could help build solidarity but lasting change is only offline 
could help build solidarity but lasting change is only offline
stalked sexually harassed & raped . let  s stop this pain once & for all .
if you want guys to own up to their mistakes apologize and change then attacking those who actually do does not help .
if you did not confront the person who sexually harrassed or assaulted you what prevented you from doing so ?
i stand with those who say this will never be accepted as locker room talk
after new campaign offers resources to survivors struggling with ptsd
after new campaign offers resources to survivors struggling with ptsd by
it does i have gay male friends who  ve told me their stories
let us be people who listen well when someone mentions vulnerability is a gift handle with care .
if you think i  ll stop fighting for good for awareness for kindness for justice and forgiveness .  think again .
all of these declarations i wonder how many men are seeing them & realising that it  s their actions we  reply referring to ? .
sen . elizabeth warren accused of altering her story 
again : was propositioned by a  + man online when i was  . later found out he was sexually harassing kids i tutored .
just remembered a penn & teller story . in an interview penn wouldn  t shut up about his jacuzzi  clit jet .  teller was wonderful though .
what a terrible world it is when a  4 year old ( or anyone ) has the need for the hashtag 
whether it s happened to me or hasn t shouldn t matter when choosing to believe women femmes and survivors
things men can do now to prevent gender violence via
i  m waiting for the movement to start hitting leadership fortune  companies churches and colleges . fingers crossed .
all of us all the time  - shout out  2 my sisters in spirit  marching &   putting me on the radio
fact : every woman you know has had an encounter with a predator or rapist .
when you  reply hurt by the people who are supposed to care about you .
for the most part i never think about it . and it think i  have conquered it . and then march hits and i can t sleep .
thanks for owning your shit it doesn  t mean it stinks any less but it  s heartening you know it  s your mess to clean up .
ironically i was sexually harassed by my boss at a gallery that sponsored a lecture by anita hill 
you can t tell people they can t have an opinion . opinions don 't count if they aren t personally understood & reasonably formulated .
wow .  the french campaign translates to  out your pig  .  our hats are off to you french women . that  s spot on .
on surviving patriarchy sexualization & racism . empowered as a black & muslim woman . 
woman says george h . w . bush groped her when she was  : i was a child 
 you know us . we are your family members . your friends . your co  - workers . your neighbors . and yes even your heroes . we are everywhere .   -
another time i was in florida where they had a rest and relaxation at innis brook with a nice dinner that night
this . fear shame & a lifetime of indoctrination of man s superiority over woman . 
our angels story in our song : she s pleading pleading with you her story needs to be told . your voice would be angelic
in a post world this is what we need to be paying attention to via
real men admit what they  ve done and learn from it . 
the movement has become so powerful that now even dead ( alleged ) groper s are getting their comeuppance . 
posting this in solidarity with even though i might be the one  - in  - a  - million woman who hasn t been harassed ( physically ) .
when you have a position of power at a television station you can do whatever you want ! 
  if there were real masu line men in would of had  black  . so true !
you ll want help if it happened to you . our lawyers are the most compassionate and will fight for you .
finally gets together with instant  message not a feminist but .  
god bless . ps  - every day above ground is a beautiful day .
read w slc second  - treas lynne dodson s latest column : power shift must be sustained by organized labor
join us for our meeting wednesday where we will discuss the movement & where we can go from here . 
may have triggered some past abuse wounds . register for the support group at
not brave enough to share the story but this is the first time i say it out loud
thankfully i  have never been physically assaulted but i  have had my share of verbal abuse on buses in at the  moment enclosures on sidewalks .
for every time i blamed myself instead . and then hated myself even more for doing that .  while the other person doesn t think at all . 
retweeted marie ( i don 't need a man to protect me i need a man to respect me .
take back the workplace & marches flood 
maybe you should teach the churches not to hire pedophiles like and silence the victims
people knew . managing memories & moving forward with  -
 i didn  t think you really didn  t want to see me again .  ( after filing a restraining order )
my moments are plentiful . the first time someone tried to devalue me was when i was  . my curves are not your excuse .
is known in massachusetts for her fake indian stories now how much wh $ and money is eliz warren returning ? !  
you don 't owe it to anyone to share your story if you aren t ready or choose not to .
- men concerned they possibly a problem  - if you care enough to think on that you probably aren t .
for  years i have wondered why i took five shots but rarely why he didn t take his . it s still time to scream it s still time to listen .
harassment is never a compliment . and men who can  t understand that are part of the problem .
i was barely  . it was at my friends birthday party . he was a friends step  - dad . what he said and where he stared still haunts me .
i think the litmus test for male me too posts should be if you ve ever cried to a ke $ ha song
bsr s editor  - in  - chief writes and shares her story :
your comments & ignorant attitude on on judging anyone on when they tell their story is victim shaming .
look man i love you but can we all please stop using memes that degrade and objectify women ?
instant  message so sorry . the system failed . it fails us most of the time .
part of my story as a teenager was my mother s complete indifference until it was a muslim ( that she was wrong about ) .
hey there . were excited you want to share the skies with us ! you can check out all available flights on . ^ sl
help keep the voices of the movement alive :
a message from a man definitely worth the read .
global media confronts it s own weinstein s columbia journalism review 
we hope to shed light on how prevalent stories are on campus .
sadden ( not shocked ) by the number of people but glad to see this momentum . 
this is the world we live in y  all . victims are shamed and rapists are celebrated
this is a movement now . w o . en in work force will be quite no longer . 
no politics in those stories . became newsworthy for once ?  weinstein s fall grew from rage over trump 
were past the point of time for men to post
if you re a woman who thinks doesn t apply to you either you  ) are lying  ) don 't remember or  ) didn t recognize it
question : will come to this young lady s aide and demand answers or will the movement say to her not us ?
because instant  message always kind   of nervous and on edge when instant  message walking alone .
all of the above but mainly the general sense of denial that the campaign is required to dispel . i was unaware it was so widespread .
the spacey allegation was after all those others after people were finally listening & believing .
not one man in my lif has reached out or said one encouraging word even those who know my stor i know will remember .
predatory behavior is not confined to hollywood  - here are some survivor stories that powered via
perhaps now would be a good time for a national conversation about how we treat one another .
the best protection any woman can have .  is courage . elizabeth cady stanton from .
a white male feminist at msnbc  -  - well you know the rest 
tomorrow is the gathering ! be sure to check your clock for the correct time ! 
guide to becoming big part of the solution rather than the problem by 
was told by another co  - founder while we reviewed resumes never to trust a woman with a hyphenated last name .
through  seeks written and artistic responses to the social media campaigns
* why silicon valley can  t follow education in managing abuse of power 
why silicon valley can  t follow education in managing abuse of power  - 
yes the posts just kept pouring in on various social media platforms
do you ever eat a slice of pizza in your bed after a night out ? maybe things didn t go as planned but still a fan freakin tastic time
age  . one of my best friends who was also the source of my summer housing assaulted me .
was a race issue instead . i wound up leaving the company as a result of retaliation i suffered for reporting the guy . (  2 of  )
if a woman does win her primary and general election toxins like delorenzo are waiting for her .
yep . good ol boys know system . 
not sure i know a woman who doesn t have at least one story .
campaign showed that is a deeply issue . here s why it was sorely needed  via
felt overwhelmed by the sheer volume of stories ? there s a lot we can do about it . learn more 
when getting a haircut in bombay male hairdresser gave me neck massage which ended with his hands on my breasts . utter shock .
. your song  prayin  is giving me chills . you are so powerful . thank you for sharing yourself .
not the easiest story to write but definitely one of my most important . thank you
retweeted winchesters jedi ( instant  message not a victim instant  message a survivor . not only but
will go down as a movement or just a moment ? great project from
you just said pedophile had  romantic  relations !  what ? i denial  of  normal  t remember molestation being romantic
so here please reply to this thread with resources for all victims and news of resources
i speak best through poetry . so here s a small token of my to all of you sharing your stories . 
chose to respond specifically to a woman of color accusing him . 
just shaking my head not good !  you can t jump on a woman like that  - ever heard of
because it s important for my students to know that it can happen to teachers :
you know what : maybe it shouldn t be trending . maybe it should be men on their social media feeds trending
/ a house member recalled the time a state senator made humping motions at one of her staffers .
opinion : sexual harassment is bi  - partisan ( via fox news opinion )
if is not enough evidence of the extent of change we need to undergo as a society i don 't know what is .
dudes saying is blown out of proportion shouldn t be called up to torah . need to be communal consequences for being morally obtuse .
interesting . everybody has a workplace but nobody seems to know the perpetrators .
it happens everyday and by normalizing micro aggressions we fuel rape and assault culture
whoever has assaulted or harassed anyone needs to be held accountable .
it  s amazing to me how many people blamed me because he was a good guy
i  m so proud of every woman who continues to speak up and call it out .
i  ve shared my story on my vsco and have received amazing feedback . but no justice .
some people who caused a say i don 't remember it didn t happen . these are not equivalent statements . even if the first is true .
it  s not your fault . you didn  t ask for it . you are loved and supported more than you know .
first time was  6 th grade then in ap gov then my freshman year girlfriend then at an  + club my sophomore year of college
3 x but with love and support from mama ( mi abuelita ) those sorrows turned into my armor  - filled with god  s grace .
have been sexually assaulted on public transportation streets parties etc . in peru and us . it s not normal .
fox news : opinion : sexual harassment is bi  - partisan ( via fox news opinion )
very cool ! artist erin gallagher visualizes the spread of the campaign | artnet news 
i want to take a second to bump my talk in light of and the outpouring of emotions surrounding 
 we shouldn t have to out ourselves as survivors in order for people to grasp the magnitude of the issue  .
it took me this long because i couldn t think of anything since i had pushed it down so deep .
me too movement shows the entire world has a weinstein .
the first time i tweeted this i deleted it because it s still not easy and i still feel nervous talking about it but .
you drank too much ? with people you trusted ? were you underage ? was it someone you knew ? stranger ?
the movement started a decade before hashtags . 
today s editorial explores the viral hashtag that s exposed how many people can say 
today to reply : on the issue of sexual abuse  we should not be divided  
n & o  third woman accuses george h . w . bush of groping her .
n & o  sixth woman accuses george h . w . bush of groping her .
sexual abuse before the age of  raped at  and  .
for anyone doubting the accusers  stories they are usually followed by others similar testimonies .  
look but if it wasn t until no hashtag that you suddenly believ the epidemic you re purposeful about your denial .
me too . for all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too .
me too . if all the women ( and anyone else ) who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a 
me too . all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as their 
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too .
 if you think porn didn  t influence you  reply dead wrong  by 
 if you think porn didn  t influence you  reply dead wrong   
movement hits the streets amid allegations in 
corey feldman announces project to expose hollywood pedophiles  via i believe you
a time to heal support group . check it out and rsvp !
after a call for cisgender men to turn to the public and post  via
the code is broken . it s nice to know we are not alone . remember you are enough . be well . 
know what s sad ? chances are it already has happened to someone he knows . he just doesn t know it .
startup launches post  - harvey legal support hotline tales  via
native professional bball player shares her story i  ll never forgive him . but i  m not ashamed .
a four year old child ?  sodomy ?  you support this ?  i ban you all . bye oh ! 
not sexually nor emotionally disposable . listening helps understand
lunch conversation : is a tipping point or short  - time outrage ?
thanks to ministr leaders sharing stories today .
what are the opps and pitfalls from the movement ? what about changes ? listen in and take notes there is work to do ! 
what happened in my  2  0 s at work would be sexual harassment today .
pleased for your reporting campaign that occurred on twitter . excellent panel gathered with you via
this hashtag is going to shake the world  - that s if it hasn t already and leave many mighty men falling .
campaign shows why all workers need strong unions : 
yes .  - and probably every woman i know in show business .
bbc news  - i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to 
i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to  - bbc news 
working at an international travel agency i was warned by my female supervisor not to get into an elevator with certain managers .
i dare everyone to tell me that it was because of how i was acting or what i was wearing
/ for men i think a pretty good response to would be
i love being whistled at like a dog on my way to work before  am .
. who started movement :  testament to how powerful women can be when we stand together
alyssa milano promotes campaign : let s fix this problem
let s make out if this lemon ! click and use these negatives for a positive . we can help survivors and educate ! . . . . . . 
a few weeks ago while riding the cta in my construction clothes a man whipped his penis out at me .
i hope taking down some justice will come to time for woody allen to answer for his crimes .
harvey weinstein  s fall opens the floodgates in hollywood
colleagues traumatized by n xiv m so thank   you for your a + journalism & breaking silence 
has me thinking about how i portray my heroes . i want my books to provide positive roles models for readers but the other day .  
when you take your armor off skin comes with it . for all of you still raw ; may not still be trending but i still see you .
thank you for dedicating your whole show to sexual harassment and sexual abuse !
and the closer your abuser the less support you used to get . family priests teachers coaches .
it  s finally out ! is available now at your favorite bookstore . get it now so no girl will have to say ever again .
here are some of the week  s stories that had us talking thinking and crying at javelina hq .
as workplaces tackle the issue reminds us not to forget the problem of micro  - insults .
retweeted laura hu tyra ( i owe no one my story . how society treats victims is morally .
campaign has picked up and caught the imagination . respect for all the ladies apologies for the lack of humanism in many of us .
the reason i  have had within the last couple years . without my parent support i would not be where i am today
victims of sexual abuse join in ? time to
another must  - read about a experience at a state capitol this time in pa . 
and instant  message fighting back .  check it out 
i still re read this post every once in a while to remind myself to keep fighting : 
without males as allies in the struggle the movement will not progress . bell hooks .
love peace and justice to all who post and also to those who cannot speak up .
i didn t tell them when a man touched my vagina while i laughed with a friend on the metro oblivious to his presence .
thank you . i never wrote this before . i survived being rape
apart from sheer volume & truth of  - the words i didn t want to offend or i didn t want to be rude in so many accounts haunt me .
the man was in the store and while standing at the register he started stroking my hair
to women who are survivors of violence we hear you and we believe you .
i guess they don 't care if they are complicit in a future story .
retweeted breanna stewart there is no easy way to tell you . but it  s time .
woman says elder president bush groped her as a teenager 
a look at the movement inside california  s capitol 
you don 't realize how many people fight the same demons you do until you scroll in these tweets . i know because
wondering what the donald s targets think about the awareness campaign .
a beautiful piece by  - acclaimed director of  - her story : cc
he was  . he decided to grope an  year old girl after saying  sentences to her in a concert crowd .
flemish social media are ablaze with speculation about the border  - crossing behaviour by a television presenter but no one seems to have a clue as to what border is supposed to have been crossed .
this is an incredibly powerful story . we must speak up and protect each other . 
when i told the military doctor he told me to write it down and throw it away . 
why do you think the surge is happening on social media now ? to desensitize for the upcoming revelations .
how donald rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement 
this is an interesting read given the recent movement 
disability should be integral to the conversation adult content : the slew of mainstream media coverage of .
wnba star breanna stewart joins the movement saying  courage is contagious  dave zirin th .  via
wnba star breanna stewart joins the movement saying  courage is contagious  via 
i had exactly this thought too ! it was only  harassment . it wasn t as bad as it could have been .  why is important
are you going to apologize and make amends for this rape culture what  the  fuck . 
men respond to with & it s very very sweet hope things will change everywhere around the 
thoughtful article on the current social media campaign . 
welcome to the endgame . might not have mattered before it does now . people are listening . that has made all the difference 
why is an impoverished form of feminist activism unlikely to spark social change 
i read warnings from & others about this vile trolling and hatred for survivors but it  s un re a to witness first hand
women share harrowing sex assault tales under hashtag
this saddens but also inspires me : women share harrowing sex assault tales with hashtag
is about empathy from the woman who started it  years ago . respect !
gold medal gymnast mckayla moroney joins movement
( nothing that s been yelled at me compares to the daily anxiety many of you must feel every day .
where are you ? tell your truth . meet | psychology today 
from aggressive overtures to harvey weinstein  s accusers tell their stories
i haven  t been able to comfortably say we have a problem in this country and we need to fix it . 
painful to read stories . standing beside you to do my part to stop this .
thank you ryan . sadly we are everywhere . and otus  rhetoric encourages the behavior . sigh .
just so were clear was started by a black woman + the stories via
just so were clear was started by a black woman + the stories 
just so were clear was started by a black woman + the stories
the latest awesome race fans daily !  thanks to
i know exactly what instant  message not sharing . 
where to begin ? which one ? which time ? the doctors office : i wept left warned others . would they believe me or the doctor ?
aly raisman is standing in solidarity with the movement .
how many of u have been sexually harassed ? how many have seen harassment ? how many have come forward ?
we need to form our own government  - they are not listening to us before it is too late
q : regarding how have you handled things ? nelson : do something that s bigger than yourself that s change .
i transferred colleges to get away from the person who raped me and i still have nightmares .
i grew up an athlete & in the sporting goods industry . i thought men commenting o my body was part of fitting in .
we need to focus on more than one predator . that s why the campaign has been so important .   -
. thanks for the reality check of i think it s time for another . 
need a mental health break from twitter . in the meantime & whatever else . bye for  now .
the latest read the daily corporate brother x ! 
the latest the red in chicago daily !  thanks to
gee i wonder if this hashtag might facilitate some false accusations & culture which creates more wrongful convictions ?
no change until we accept no one likely to take on global power hypocrisy  obstruction of .
her mother didn t debunk anything . her mother corroborated her story . now more women will come forth and say republicans support child molesters . shameful
began the journey decrying privilege and misogyny . thank you . how quickly we forget ! 
nothin like being called a filthy subhuman c*nt  before breakfast . just another day on the internet being a woman with opinions .
damn megg in . instant  message sorry to hear that . ( in indiana as well )
sadly has taught us that this isn t a problem isolated to the halls of washington or the hollywood hills .
actor filmed a powerful new from the we have an opportunity to make real change ! 
remember what i felt last time promised myself to be the last & no more physical invasion & i did ! but what controls your eyes ? !
campaign brings hope to   - year  - old girl
man walks up to me in a club and puts his hands on my boobs . says nothing and smiles .
if every man is not a predator ? then every woman is not bait . that sums that up . sick & tired of the continuous discomfort .
rape culture is ugly and real . fix it . now .
i didn t have the balls to stand up for myself nor did i have the power of overcoming years of abuse and the fact i was blamed .
predators want prey and they are still hunting . in don 't c are in politics in media . 
it s time to expose the harvey weinstein s of the world .
good to see baby steps . come on scottish theatre . what the hell ? 
oklahoma ties to and rape culture by cloaking . quick dunk info  set on
i have been sexually assaulted for the first time when i was  years old and traveling among community i .
.  these times are a changin . it s about time we all changed with them . all those smarmy comments and sleazy ways have to stop .
what will it take for society to start believing victims
wasn  t a cry  i believe u it was to share with those who were affected the same way i was .
a video message from the care center regarding
phone lines busy ? text resist to  this is not normal ! use your voice call  your moc 
so because your emotional make up is different that means it s your way or it s fake ? and by the way .
my perpetrator told me he wanted to give me his purity necklace after he assaulted me .
this is not the definition of the hashtag of late but growth good progress knowledge is limited with out the exposure to different conversations . so i say to this too 
thank you for helping us release the shame and known it was them ! and 
top story : with raymond a conversation about follow li   see more
more women say harvey weinstein sexually assaulted them
raped by  men at  at gunpoint . they were never found . high school boyfriend made me replay it since i didn  t seem shook up  him
suspended for turning her lens on the abusers . so insane . thank you . ( of course ) 
the campaign continues to grow . how it is raising awareness next on at noon
i could honestly make a whole thread on times i  have been sexually harassed 
week  of spacey and halperin s contrasting apologies get added to the stack
harvey weinstein is also a jerk . that alone should have gotten him fired .
why can t you take steps did to put victims first not protect perps ?
web logger khayr i y yah gives us something to think about : what and campaigns miss about
abuse is not acceptable in any form . you are a victim not the cause . 
nothing saddens me more to see posts like this : dv is not cool not acceptable !
after harvey weinstein more women around the world are saying
after harvey weinstein women around the world are saying 
after harvey weinstein women around the world are saying
it doesn t fix what happened but neither will denying the penitent his chance to change for the better .  
think twice ?  i  m one of  assaulted there . it  s a toxic culture .
/ i was too nervous to say anything and kind of wondered if i was just imagining it . but it definitely didn  t feel right at the time
exclusive : talks girl power the campaign and her music
i dream of a day when survivors can speak more openly about their experiences & not be judged 
female pakistani journalists share stories of harassment at the workplace
in less than  hours  million people around the world have engaged in the conversation on facebook .
new web log : campaign forces companies to look at their policies
the upside of social media : people spreading the word about causes such as the movement : 
that luis guy is beginning to sound creepy molly i beg you think about it !
 mous and nda s . what terms important to anticipate and deflect risks in working towards long term prevention ?
the raw power of  -  - absolutely brilliant a must read 
just going to sneak a little peek in here while you  reply lying on the table .
silence . to all those sharing we believe you and your story matters 
campaign needs men to step forward and say
a grad student in my department pissed that i would not date him left an obscene sickening message on my voicemail .
/ but even if she had told someone it may not have made a difference . there s not much officials can do under current policies .
while i commend the movement it  s caused me nothin but emotional pain and i can  t wait for it to be over
 so you think you can dance  winner gets a year in jail for domestic violence 
artist erin gallagher visualizes the spread of the viral campaign | artnet news 
you  reply amazing ! a hero in many of our eyes thank you
i wonder how the story plays out in the non  - cosmopolitan areas of america . in my don 't c are bubble it s finally  were at a turning pt .
artist ellen gallagher visualizes the spread of the viral campaign
dialogues are necessary but it s certainly an example of how the pain of white woman is more valuable .
the movement loomed large over kesha s triumphant emotional ( and yes glittery ) show at the rave last night
/ another woman told us about a time a lawmaker grabbed her hand and licked it .
retweeted alex a reminder that it s not only girls who are sexually harassed . the .
this topped with my groped on the bus story i guess counts as my
remember when i told my he told me he viewed sleeping with a ( distant ) coworker as breaking a taboo . 
. suggested by a friend : if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted 
me too . now imagine if there were a coming out campaign for rapists harassers and passive bystanders .
thank you for your campaign . my mom and i just bonded over our shared history of
if you feel you have an experience or ideas to contribute to this larger conversation has set up a confidential email inbox 
i can  t say  me too  on fb because of the people that denial  of  normal  t know . but .
diana nyad : my life after sexual assault via thank you for sharing ! 
photography has a way of unleashing the demons that lock you in the deepest parts of your thoughts . my friends the running has to end
brilliant actress who starred in eclipsed among victims . wake up world . 
nobody gets to define your trauma your story or your pain .
a little late but we finally know what dan quayle meant by family values .
say to all of you who can say you are not alone it is not your fault and you add value and importance to the world .
i denial  of  normal  t talk about it . hardly anyone knows . but i know .
find out about the decade long campaign created by a to combat
thank you for posting this  - it has never been harder to write two words
this is disturbing . but perhaps worse is thinking about how all this was not questioned at the time and even until the recent phenom 
me & herself ! great to chat w her & on writing rape & criminal
there are going to be no men left in hollywood when this is all done
.  the raw emotion and righteous anger in the campaign should be a starting point not the end . via 
spontaneous kissing is now something to be fired over ?  conflating all the stories is not helping the issue .
dr . the a gallagher shares how you should and shouldn t respond to those who say and share personal stories .
welcome  on cam & activist founded years ago  unify victims of me too . read more at ebony  
this must be because people are not targets of sexual violence and harassment . except for all the time .
me too . discover the magnitude of the problem of sexual abuse and sexual harassment .
i think the world would be a more understanding place & terror wouldn t fuel our lives
twitter is not a platform for abuse .   . report tweet . 
i liked a video harvey weinstein and the hashtag  - the purple pill
saddens me to see people using as a joke . this is why victim don 't come forward . we are all in this together
why we need witch hunts now : begins our cultural healing
why we need witch hunts now : begins our cultural healing 
prof jennifer gry giel talks about the social media campaign with kj zz  - fuck   me .
reading all of the stories is heartbreaking . just overwhelming and sorrowful . and that s just on the listening end .
your comment that the actresses who were assaulted by homework were taking shortcuts in their careers was ignorant and insensitive
yes ! families first staff aly austin shares what the next steps of the campaign could be 
telling sexually offensive jokes in front of me after i  have asked you to stop .  it s still
if this tax bill passes as is all americans male and female will be using the hashtag 
ways you can turn into lasting change for survivors 
many men think their behavior is normal  - some of you know who you are .  
i just hope people will pay attention  known portals of retail ation 
tremendous admiration for who shared her story in this moving and powerful piece .
love these reflections on activism and from  -  - and honored to be included in her great piece . 
i think also needs to make a movement across the music industry .
a powerful and worth  - reading perspective on the movement
is perpetrator inflicting trauma on time 4 class action lawsuit 
thank you for finding a way for us to say everything without having to say anything .
i d like to see more corporate from tech finance pharma and any and all industries to trend with 
beware of pop  - me dio cri ties crawling out of the woodwork to piggy  - back on the suffering of harvey weinstein s victims .  exploiting
dear democrats please denial  of  normal  t lecture us on sincerely americans
instant  message so surprised ! he s such a nice guy .
instant  message not surprised that there are so many friend writing but i am devastated and furious that it was you too .
victim rights is for every victim ! every regardless of her race creed or politics .
this is much better than your last apology . thank you please visit to continue educating yourself . 
more & more stories are being released weekly is this is the truly the start of a foundational change in our society ? 
for all those who have been sexually assault e i stand with you & know your pain !
memphis chef changes company rules in response to campaign > >
assault and rape on boys and watch video >  via
days later movement expands well beyond entertainment industry
at the raped by an upperclassman who ordered me to go to his room for homework help .
no instant  message here . it was just hard to type .  my heart was pounding as i typed
i would like to share my small act of resistance against my abuser .
every single woman i know has a story . or many stories . 
 you denial  of  normal  t have to have perfect judgement to be the victim of a crime . 
everyone is sharing their stories which is amazing but i don't know if i should
it s time for doing what s right to take precedence over money
i feel grateful to not be in the me too club today . i support all of you that are
of course the  me too  movement inevitably spills into sports . it hits home .
we believe you we see you we support you and we will always love you . now and forever  be i ywca
. funny & creepy  at the same time . biden is creepiest person ever !  does he wash his hands ?
wow there really is nothing we won t appropriate . thank you  via
keep it coming  expose those disempowering grave actions one at a time !
male feminists & prominent lefties are being proven by to be low  - t sex pests .  
ask  4  5 s old modeling agency matters to both genders yes we are not going anywhere for the duration .
this cartoon turned up in an old folder & makes me think in these days of let  s not lose sight of what ( some ) have
i hope it never happens to anyone who loves you . because you ll just make a joke & they will want to die . as i did .
peace begins with a smile ! ~ mother there s a . think most 
i was  . he was three days shy of his  1  8 th birthday . he got  months probation . i got years in therapy .
to all those saying thank you . i hear you and i promise to be a better ally .
i think the campaign is so powerful . i wish we could translate into swahili and make a statement here .
world  s changing boys ! it  s time we change too .
yours truly with who i believe to be the author of the movement  . my face ! love you g
ex eu cit ve director talks about the importance of the campaign
i  have had major conflict with the campaign internally because it impacts me and my experience but also i understand it doesn t change much
rt the latest coach  - the rape ut !  thanks to
please credit the right woman for the me too campaign .
where police controlled data of t missing in inbound reports from victims witnesses mandated reporters
i don 't have a story . there was that one time someone grazed my thighs without my consent and i know about .
there are resources out there to help . though it can be hard just know you are not alone !
as many survivors share their stories using were grateful for the support of the and this years resolution
according to scientists in the u . s . and israel there are certain personality traits  the  dark triad  of narcissism psychopathy and machiavellian ism  that are more commonly associated with sexually abusive behavior . + sadism = 
we need a cultural revolution that shifts the frame to begin with respect & equality . it shouldn  t have to be taught but baked in  /
because we need to do more to protect young scientists during field work
retweeted partha ( no one talks about stories of men . men don 't write them they don 't .
interesting how even female predators use same methods of on their targeted victims as males !
oh and err by the way  i am a man . ( i guess some people are blinded by colour . )
instant  message an r i have already shifted financial contributions to moderate rs & dems within and beyond my district and state . we are legion . we are larger than party .
now if only getting the federal passed could get this much attention and support !
glad to have a website for when i need more than  characters coming this weekend !
it s hard to see us backslide politically after seeing progress made on issue  -
i beleive you before you open your mouth i  support & love you always 
] when luck ran out for dbp & he got a male prosecuting attorney in another county then dbp
sometimes i don 't think it counts because we were in a relationship and i eventually said yes . but it was coercive and not okay .
by this stage i had told me m a about me brothers and was attending stop  that louise s unit in crumlin . i believe it s different now but
for all women in the world .  i stand with all of you . this has got   to change .
the movement is a textbook example of what facebook can be used for when it  s working right  
the movement is a textbook example of what facebook can be used for when it  s working right by
well done  exposing on the bus & educating misogynists big time 
harvey weinstein is a massive cultural learning opportunity . 
we shouldn  t happen to open veins and bleed out publicly for people to believe us .
i have yet to meet a woman who hasn t been sexually harassed in her life .
one way hopes to continue the conversation started by 
with   children seen at ca cs in il last fiscal year translates to sexual abuse or sexual .
they told me it s impossible to be raped twice almost like lightning doesn t typically strike the same spot . they were wrong .
thank you for putting into words how i  ve been feeling all day 
it is time to raise our voices together to you can trust the to support you .
support by ditching harvey weinstein as producer please
meet the real woman behind the movement .
in europe i would try not to talk much to people i didn t know because i didn t want to make it obvious i wasn t from there .
and why it  s important to me .  when you speak from scars it  s a different feeling ! 
this movement will be built on love . an amazing way to end the film screening at the
me too many of my friends and so so many who aren t on twitter or the internet to post to a hashtag .
trickiest part of the hashtag ? choosing just one story . we could blow up twitter with this stuff .
oh wait i denial  of  normal  t have a story
and then there are lawyers who think just like homework & double   team
tune in live to ~  est today when i ll discuss the emergence and implications of
- how to get beyond the trauma  - on podcast  - guest part   -
don 't speak for us . this real victim also acknowledges catcalling is also a part of the societal allowance for s
because a woman can  t walk down a street by her self without being harassed .
what means for employers : workplace harassment in the age of awareness 
what means for employers : workplace harassment in the age of awareness
we  reply the news solutions our latest is on what next after scandal 
it doesn t define me instead it drives me to keep fighting and resisting i know i am not alone and you should know neither are you
am no saint maybe was afraid of repercussions & i firmly believe in consensual than anything enforced my suport & love  all affected
since some twisted men seem to need a little guidance on how to tell when a girl is  .  
dustin hoffman apologizes after being accused of sexually harassing   - year  - old girl when he was  
guess if a politician can beat up a reporter & still get elected what would stop from winning ?
flicking through the papers and noticing the calls for campaign which i applaud alongside pieces with not able figures calling
confused here .  forget harvey weinstein ? that s not how this works .
.  on several ocassions by different people . some of whom i still see around . now they have kids to protect from people they used to be .
so thankful for all the love and support our team is getting ! together we can combat
because i am very uncomfortable being the only woman on the  train home on a sunday in london in  2  1 stop  that century .
some of the more vocal segments of the movement have gone overboard writes in operator  - ed
jesus ! it  s on again .  not that it  s not brave & imp . to come forward ! but repeating on  - air the explicit details .  why ? !
even if refusing a man does stop him if you work for him it may set the ball rolling for negative career consequences  for you .
so happy has become inspired by & speak out against their abuser :
o reilly weinstein to back who s next ? looks like isn t going anywhere fast . 
let  s make sure we work to make this standard practice so we can reduce the number of horrible stories .
in the past few months we have been happy to see the emergence of the hashtag
let  s not forget that women can be sexually harass e by other women too . bcus our bodies have no respectable value .
2  0  1  0 ish . bite  me preacher picks me up at airport for preaching engagement . tells me to go to my room & change . he s made dinner plans .
you can t fight for your rights as a survivor unless you know what you are . the dcl helps to clarify .
men need to stand up for women and the movement  -
u and bill should offer your expertise on how to survive rape accusations . destroy the victim .
the power in this is overwhelming . thank you for your courage and your truth . 
i was  he was  . i was super dorky in ratty boys clothes . he was a blond  - haired blue  - eyed popular boy . who d they believe ?
women share stories of sexual harassment  via
women share stories of sexual harassment via
women share stories of sexual harassment
women share stories of sexual harassment 
actor accused of rape  - microphone you  reply dead to me ! 
apparently some idiots think if you don 't post then it didn t happen . i assumed we were all in . so to be clear
every day our paralegal journalists try to ensure that the people they serve don 't say when they do say they know their right
why educators and other child youth and young adult must tune in to spectrum risks 
the blot sex tell all selfie sally talks on her pictures in the new age via
and then i had to explain why i didn t want him coming on the air anymore .
every day . everywhere . online . in person . all the time . for almost a quarter century ( i  m  . ) . i  m tired .
yes . and that goes for the ones who seem to get away with murder . not that we know any like that .
this . is . happening . as i swirl with emotions thoughts and impulses in response to the me too campaign i am .
and too many to share . some haunt still . anger & helplessness . most of them overcome with faith self belief . but always at a cost .
 baywatch  star donna d  errico shares her story saying she was raped at
the woman i know still struggles with confidence .  but today she refuses to stay silent .  -
him :  & very tall . me :  . told me to put on my moms heels so he didn t have to bend down so far to kiss me w his cold tongue .
teaching people to understand and practice affirmative consent is important to etr and always has been .
again : when a  + man asked  me to have an affair with him . all i did was chat with him at a local theater group rehearsal .
even after all this time i go to a dark place even thinking about it .  but suffice it to say
family crisis services . wonder who is talking about in  is anyone considering the spectrum risks of and
outspoken : imagine the for lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer.  - bashing in school  - eureka times standard
instant  message  and i was harassed by my religion teacher at a catholic school .
i worry that this hashtag [ ] is doing more harm than good for a few reasons . 
it s an almost daily occurrence and a fact of the lives of almost every woman i  have ever met .
sad fact is that virtually every woman can say . past time for this to end .
i still don 't feel comfortable sharing my stories and that s okay if you can t yet too .
of the youngest moms to ever give birth stories from children so young they never had a chance
it happens everywhere . it happened to me outside of my apartment and outside of my job . i didn  t feel safe anywhere .
protect your energy during this campaign . it is okay to log off . re center . purge the spirit .
is donald trump the next powerful man to fall ? 
- usa today  - two moguls down . and the movement is just getting started
it shouldn t be up to survivors to have to out ourselves . but if were going to be listened to we have to make them listen . so yeah
because of the legacy of slavery . ( being kidnapped raped and held captive . ) all black people should stand and say
great compilation of resources and support for survivors ( cool that you can text a counselor ) from
new york times fires lawyer who worked with weinstein 
buzzfeed asked people if they wanted to share their stories  via
somalia . almost every woman i know puerto rico . god s own heart weeps tonight .
thank you for shining a light . sadly it s prevalent in rest in d too
sadly till tonight i didn  t think to include that in the but it  s such a violation !
teach your daughters to hit people who touch them 
teach your daughters to hit people who touch them  by
i wish many people like yourself will acknowledge the fact that no where is face for us 
it doesn t make me a man  - hating damaged victim . it makes me a for giving equality  - demanding survivor .
important to acknowledge who started the movement  years ago 
her too ! the problem being defined currently by the campaign is important to expose . from high visibility .
bar cc talks about impact of campaign via 
would have been nice if credit had been given to the woman who started  -
i can see how would look so sullen over the death of a minority game show host .  who s next wayne brady ?
denial  of  normal  t approach from behind warning i might just jump and fight on instinct
yes . it really has . and i think while i  have spewed away over the past hour i  have triggered a few more .
. will deliver the final lecture of our breaking the culture of series . register at the link today !  
it was furthermore not his fault because i  m a  flirt .  i never touched him inappropriately nor would i ever flirt with a married man
i  have been trying to think of something clever or inspiring to add to this . but all i can say is
i love the end when you re done with contrite and roll straight to the bird flip and never trump gang signs .  the defiant to 
see that gad fcs  bobby cagle headed to run la foster care . 
the campaign serves as an important call to action for all yoga teachers . with so many 
then because suddenly i had breasts and was interesting again me the started to have a go every tuesday when me m a was out
you   all know how much i hate taxes .  but taxation is not the same as rape . please don 't try to make about tax reform .
i  ll never forget the time a man stuck his face under my umbrella to accost me . that  s only one story of many .
i love how empowering this movement is . nobody is alone in this and nobody should ever feel like they are .
sadly so much yes we need to return the sacredness of what it means to be feminine and masculine in healthy ways .
ideally the campaign will be followed by because sad l that s usually the case as well .
back talk : weinstein everything is terrible 
how can people continue to deny what this  man  has done to children ? where there is  vic there are many . there will be even more . 
we are here and we stand in support of those who are survivors of sexual violence
me too . i was date raped over  years . instant  message just now telling my therapist
the irs did things to my wallet without my consent that affect my life to this day .
if you would like free and confidential services for what someone did to you please call
you would think that would reconsider this given all the conversation happening around and the campaign .
it hasn t happened to me yet .  or .  it feels to  damn normal that i have yet to notice
is an impoverished form of feminist activism ? media activism and online abuse  via
i love the awareness . i can t lie it has been hard for me to relive it and goung through the emotions again .
will you please share this open letter to editors rejecting submissions by victims : | huffpost
excited to welcome founder of the movement to campus tomorrow (  
family members do not have the right by being related to t outch you in any way that makes you unconfortable
. on campaign : i wanted to take the focus off the predator
fascinating story behind harvey weinstein s cover up
but it would be a good start . that would upend power dynamics pretty darn quick . no ? 
when you ve witnessed abuse and been abused and carry the trauma of unresolved crimes .  it  s 
. in public surrounded by people we trust inappropriate interactions fly under the radar . ( thread )
- duty  warn . named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators | jessica valenti 
because you said you would take this to the end of the world demanding justice and equality and respect .
ceo of company i used to work for :  come sit next to me . i  d like that .  and  you  reply a whore . 
we all have a thousand stories though it took some of us  years to realize we had the right to be angry about them .
mixed feels about this campaign right now . lots of gatekeeping happening mostly of the terf variety .
boy better knows solo  charged with  counts of rape 
weinstein accuser asia argento leaves italy due to victim  - shaming
because i  ve been told to smile more times than i care to admit .
watch : lds artist sings heart  - wrenching cover of warrior for the campaign 
i was working at a restaurant when my boss deliberately poured ketchup on my shoes then knelt & told me he d love to lick it off .
a psychologist on social media discouraged a woman from reporting because she didn t report hers .
i am a pastor and rape survivor . is an opportunity for the church . :
i am a pastor and rape survivor . is an opportunity for the church .  via
per a major of these posts the ones that need to help are the attackers .
it may be an act of slandering a dead hero . if it is the slanderer is to blame not the campaign .
u should take a gander at the hash tag . scroll through that for an hour and you ll get and idea as to how pervasive this is .
is the world s biggest online support group ?
ridiculously proud to be launching this today with men who have asked what you can do about start here . 
to all of the women sharing their story & to those not  - i believe you . i support you .
i was sexually harassed and assaulted by a teacher  years ago i was  .
that it might not be worth reporting because there wasn t enough evidence and time had gone by .
coming up at  is it right for a popular radio host to perpetuate the myth of false reporting ? 
this guy who i flew to boston with got adjoining hotel rooms and said he forgot his toothbrush
enough is enough ! there aren t going to be many men left in power . < < well have our day . 
to all the people out there instant  message sincerely sorry and heartbroken for what you have gon through . to those taking it too far (
much power to all those who shared their struggles with . to those who don 't wish to you don 't owe your story to anyone
wait u can t nitpick because your search results different from mine . just do your experiment . search and filter by people you follow
a man exposed himself & masturbated while staring at me on near  - empty don 't c are metro . most of my male colleagues initially joked about it .
they claimed they all did something to stop it . by the time i was  i thought it was normal because it never stopped . (  )
you and the one school one story team did a phenomenal job inviting l halse anderson ! thank you all !
for celebs saying : don 't claim to support survivors if you prop up predators ( * woody allen
was on cheddar today and was asked about and  rt lolly d ask 
the trusted man in the pool only  fondled  my genitalia and whispered  doesn  t your daddy make love to you like this  into my ear . he didn  t forcibly rape me . i was  or  . perhaps that was okay ? 
read the  police news uk  daily  
therapy helped a ton . remember you  reply not alone . 
 instant  message sharing this video i did until justice is served
what do you think about the hashtag trending and the stories behind it ?
it s degrading it s unfair it s disrespectful . it comes in various forms & effects us differently . don 't stand by & let it happen .
wear what you want . be who you are . don 't let disparaging comments or actions make you feel any less valuable .
viewpoint : what has to change for sexual assault victims to speak out ?
do you find our president to be a creepy old man ? 
what are men saying and doing to step it up in the age of via
grateful to everyone because but also you don 't have to tweet about it if you don 't want to . that s your choice .
.  i  have minimized it for decades . it seems quaint compared to others stories ; i just had to put it out there so i can finally deal
because i got asked  where in your report does it say you said  no  or  stop  ?  and i showed them two separate parts not enough
also instant  message not calling live a man !
year  old activist & victims rapist and pedo tour .  shut it down 
i wrote it after the second debate . i was in a haze trying  say what i was feeling . retrospectively i see how much it captures my
i hope nobody feels forced to come forward with this campaign
no disrespect to just saying we  reply scratching the surface of enormous problems . keep fighting . 
been groped grabbed and sexually harassed too many times to recount .
- we  reply all okay if you block harvey glatt  s ability to harass others .
in a world where can be elected president i will never feel safe .
ailes o  reilly weinstein halperin .  why is trump not on this list ?
campaign spreads across social media raising awareness .
don 't let what happened to you or how it made you feel define you . you re beautiful priceless & loved .
it s okay if you re not comfortable sharing but know that you re not alone .
it s not always a stranger jumping out of the bushes . most times it s someone you know and it happens quietly . 
liberal hollywood needs to die . it s been exposed for what it really is : a vile perverted propaganda machine .
rape as cost of business . nda s mous loyalty oaths and unity covenants . what things bind and gag in and other like incidents of which there are many . 
bravo wwhl andy cohen secret  guests spilling it all get them drugged & drunk
- more than once . thank you all for your bravery . i am & always will be standing with you . the emotional burden is not only ours .
can you still marry your first cousin there ? asking for a judge . weird way to 
at this point i sincerely wonder if there is one single woman out there who is not in the position to say
this is a movement that took too long to arrive but is so very welcome now . and i love you   all .
kyle krieger made me cry . his story brought tears to my eyes !
stay up to date with the juice ! results in campaign for those struggling with ptsd
i d usually hesitate to say this without some long explanation . this week i don 't think it s needed .
live  - march in hollywood ca now on suck   dick  . source is cnn
stop telling us how were supposed to feel when you re perpetuating rape culture .
of the detected victims of are girls more info about child marriage in this video 
the campaign is different because it focuses on the victims and survivors not the perpetrators
thanks to & for formal i zing a process to include govt this important conversation . 
and it almost killed me . we were both athletes and i was told to be quiet because it would affect my reputation . still affects me .
the campaign is actually  years old .  gratitude to tara na for being a courageous visionary .
there are some things that i don 't mention nor do i discuss because i am not that brave but believe me when i say
today in complexity of ownership of hashtag ( what doe attract mainstream common vs . personal + more .
 trump caused the weinstein scandal .  => right . 
men : call and s plain to and what you  reply making of this moment . . 
in case i didn t have enough reasons here s a list of a few more reasons why instant  message  done with 
a coach is there to mentor teach you not hurt you . tell someone .
: so the male backlash begins in earnest with the silly pompous peter hitchens in the disgusting daily .
harassed ? yes . beaten ? yes . raped ? also . thought it was normal ? yes until i realized it wasn t .
i  ve been showing support for but have been unable to take ownership for the problem as a male
because a man at a red light told me he wanted to be all up in my thighs .
the flash s grant gustin posts moving comments following e . p . suspension thank   you
my latest piece on the campaign . read more here : feedback welcome !
what a resource is i  have just added the website ( + shit   happens video ) to our doc for thank you !
meet the activist who created the me too movement  years ago via
i hate seeing how many people i know ( and don 't ) who are posting about but what i hate more is saying me too .
is making an impact around the world !  rt lolly daskal
she had no understanding of the complexity of when i told her me the was abusing me she called him in for a meeting & told him
when i could finally talk about the assault  years later my mother didn  t believe me .
thank you for starting the movement . our voices are being heard
the people who are spouting there s too many coming out at once for it to be true . amaze me . they must have missed the magnitude of
i can t tell which hashtag this week provided the more disturbing reading or
because telling a fellow  7 th grader that you . can see yourself in her pants is never appropriate
i showed up to my typography critique today and everyone goes i designed all of this last night .
this is not a time lapse video . it  s  seconds of racing twitter feed . it  s mind 
i am wondering who doesn t have a story . fortunately for me mine are long ago .
posts prompt support and donations for equality groups holla back ! and safe horizon are amo .  via
in  women will be assaulted .  of native women will experience violence in their lifetime
america ferrera s story : i was sexually assaulted at age
offer thanks to jb kinney for paving the way on exposing famous rapists . 
i would never imagine that i would say this here for everyone to see but .  it happened to me . i was a teen . somebody did that to me .
do i post me too for each time it s happened ? because i  have lost count .
how many posts are you responsible for you arrogant criminal ? go hide . 
not too ! not we no longer need to suffer in silence . no more work towards will this ! 
exclusive : kathleen willey : have you been raped sexually assaulted by bill clinton ?  - breitbart
isn t that convenient ? we also need to remember the b . clinton accusers . i believe them too .
top story : i posted a graphic selfie of my beating to tell the world
i was sexually assaulted by someone i thought i could trust .
a moral obligation to sit in the discomfort & not look away  strong & story on 
i d like and accept it if a male politician began a sentence with as someone with a nominal amount of estrogen .
unsure whether to share but hope this worldwide demonstration voices the severity of the issue .
we are making noise & raising awareness . but the stories are all too common . 
artist erin gallagher visualizes the spread of the viral campaign and it is beautiful 
european parliament member terry re in tke ( c ) holds a placard with the hashtag me too during a .   via
try this : harvey weinstein sex assault and 
watching tonight : is fully entitled to say after decades of deplorable violent male attitudes & stalking
if you find yourself surprised by the sheer volume of well there in lies the problem .
i hate and loot h this man he reminds me of my soon to be ex !  
men and male identified people should be really shook and disturbed by these posts . we suck
now instant  message not perfect instant  message not i fail my personal saint is thomas the builder that says a lot .
the story behind is my story for i was  . he was  . he grabbed me periodically said it was love . i was just afraid 
i  m grateful to now have two boys to raise to know do and be better .
the latest the cabell brand center news on the environment peace & ending poverty ! 
i can promise that my  year old will be raised right & never be the cause of your me too s . do better fellas .
america ferrara  s heartbreaking confession : she was sexually assaulted at age
heartbreaking and infuriating to see so many posts . but sadly not surprising .
i finally read it someone condemning the women who are finally saying why didn t you speak up ? you should .
more men everywhere .  must speak out against sexual abuse ! me too
because i didn  t ask you to follow me around campus and stalk my room . i didn  t even know you .
there s a reason why has taken over your social media feeds .
what should christians do in light of the movement ? web log post by annette brownlee 
i  m so sorry you have to go through this . unacceptable . we pray for you and chris and family .
s a by so many others . much work to do . this is the attitude that keeps many from coming forward . needs to stop . now .
sadly still have memories via a paper trail an documents . this was some time ago . no more silence !
i figured they hadn t myself but when my  year  old daughter said too it really hurt .
great ! moving on to your bosses coworkers passers by etc weinstein booted from academy  via
will finally admit that this is not just a problem afflicting liberals or just find more excuses ? 
. alumni & share their takes on & dad  - daughter relationships
for every person who shares a story there are countless others who won  t because it was  their fault 
survived a date with harvey weinstein this weekend .
make this a rallying cry throughout the world ! victim blamin ( donna karen ) & stop avoiding confronting these predators !
want it known  1  6 years old i was by david k n  . he was  then . if he ran publicly i d come  4 ward  then
continue using until the stories of abuse provoke real change . 
harvey weinstein feminism & | national review 
at first i was hesitant to share but then i realized that  s the whole point . speak up have courage we are all here for each other .
the movement is significant to break the silence but how do you move forward ? 
hey me too ! but remember if you don 't do your story is still important and you don 't owe anyone that story .
of mass shooters had domestic violence convictions ! again i ask why do u love russians & fetuses more than me ? i paid taxes ! 
columnist : behind each is a woman  s story about her own personal experience .
for all the people who aren  t in a safe place to say out loud we should do better
i  have been hesitant to post but taking a lead from a strong woman i respect . 
because every woman knows how to walk to her car with keys coming through a fist like wolverine .
united we stand . together we will change the course of history .
there are a lot of reasons to participa t participate in but denial  of  normal  t do it at the expense of other marginalized populations !
new york  s socialist a restaurant . harvey weinstein ejaculated into my pot without consent .
sam pohl en took home  the gold ? a stomach ache ? something 
first of all why do victims have to tell their traumatizing experience when you want them to ? i  ll wait
for years i hid it deep within me praying and wishing it would just  be erased  from the timeline of my life . it didn  t go away .
if your flirting makes me feel like instant  message being harassed then fucking yes 
i told my boys that i would beat them bloody in front of a cop on the sidewalk if they ever did anything like that . 
in mid  1  9  6  0 s . molested by brother sister & mother .  thankfully not all at the same time .
last year when i stopped by wal mart after the gym and got harassed + followed in the frozen food aisle as i was looking for nuggets
female senators join the movement rt
i wonder if there is any woman who can say not me too ? it has happened to everyone i know and
the hashtag has been used on twitter   times between noon sunday and this morning
not comfortable enough to share on fb because i  ve been sexually assaulted by a few fb friends but
saying  show me your titties .  is  unacceptable . news flash : not going   to flash you !
yeah like how could you possibly tell how a woman feels ?  it s not like we can speak  or anything ! 
when we  reply silent we reinforce our victimization said kari t upper ; the movement is decades in the making 
fellas have you notice a lot of is going around . ladies tell how we can reduce this 
it is both empowering and disturbing to see my timeline full of also
read the one l daily  today s top stories via  
it  s time to protect the children expose the truth .
you know what it  s about time that i say because there  s been too many times that feeling  convinced  to say yes is okay when it wasn  t .
if i need a gun to protect myself from you you re doing it wrong .
the difference between hollywood and the catholic church ? hollywood hasn t spent billions defending them .
lena headey claims she was sexually harassed by harvey weinstein 
truth is instant  message not sure i know one either .  
carroll county rape crisis intervention service p . o . box  hotline :  .
the victims & survivors matter . not the pathetic abusers & enablers who defend the liars .
in  case you missed  it : t  - swift s trial reminds us of the power of a statements : & .
hillary clinton is so arrogant  -  - she doesn t even pretend to give a damn about victims  -  - this says it all :  -  - > 
heartbreaking stories shared by victims . these predators have to be punished heavily so that they don 't repeat .
last time i visited home i brought flavor  - blasted goldfish to snack on but when i went to eat some they were all gone .
be willing to speak up regarding lying bastards who falsely accuse others
thank you for your bravery and for holding perpetrators accountable .
wise powerful and courageous words from ireland s acting legend maureen ohara over seventy years ago .  
be a male ally by & recognize that not all survivors are public
if you re shocke by all the posts in your feeds that s precisely the problem . don 't stand by ; step up & stop it .
it was so scary . they were way bigger than us & we were kind of off the beaten path so no one was really around
another though there s already a hashtag men are using too & were all listening to : men go use it . & let us talk too
i d missed this beaut of a front  - page by .  pigs being grilled . you get the gist !
an article raising a few eyebrows about the movement . no apologies given here . inspired by 
retweeted alexis ben venis te ( reminder that if a woman didn t post it doesn t mean she wasn t .
i was going   to do the me too but didn  t want   to get in that feed .  at all .  psychos seriously .
my besties and you the trigger is pointing at the stain this places on our hearts . we need to all be held accountable .
- here is my story of being sexually assaulted . to help other women . 
be aware of this epidemic and help change the culture . 
man it s been a crazy hectic week in the news today 
me too . i wish i knew one woman who couldn t tell her own story .
harvey weinstein : bullied boy abusive man ?
for years i showered with the lights off because it made me feel safe from the monster married to my mother
join me today for facebook live  et
at my performance review i was criticized because i didn t smile enough . customers want happy servers at wendy s . can t win . (
republicans elected weinstein .  any wonder why the presidency has become a sh*t  show ? 
is a step forward but it s time for bystanders and perpetrators to stand up . 
is a step forward but it s time for bystanders and perpetrators to stand up  via
i d love to see this from my fellow twitter users . and then follow through . 
hell yes sick of this crap grateful for this campaign .
my life was ruined by fort collins . it also adversely affected my  year old twins whom i was raising alone . 
read this thread time for change in our community 
years later and instant  message just now talking about it . let s start taking this ish seriously !
i was  . i didn  t even know it happened until i learned the word for it  years later . my family still doesn  t know  years later .
celebrity sexual assault victims tell their story via
celebrity sexual assault victims tell their story : via
celebrity sexual assault victims tell their story 
how about we replace the word female and use woman instead to grant her power as a human being instead of an object ?
and who were not afraid to stand up and take appropriate action . 
i was a month away from  when it first happened . he stopped around my  1  1 th birthday .
same guy called me and said he forgot his toothbrush  - wanted a way in
new web log : mixed feelings following reflects on the pros and cons of the campaign
ask czarina live  : in plain sight : a culture of harassment & silence 
step dad . nine years of abuse . he spend one year in jail . justice
wanted to fill out survey reply & told i can t because i chose other for gender identity . fabulous ! 
for everyone who participated in we send love today and all days !
read this entire thread and weep for the moral depravity and bankruptcy of the al gop . 
i  have reported that tweet from bad box man . shocking that he uses to target you .
individually the guys at the agency were mostly okay ; one or two are my friends on facebook . en masse however they acted with menace . 
a long time ago .  had to also protect my sister
and i spend every day investigating and responding to others who experience gendered violence . it s exhausting and necessary .
here  s why ogilvy india head  s post against is causing outrage via
here  s why ogilvy india head  s post against is causing outrage via 
to the ladies i believe you and instant  message sorry for what you have been through .
awareness is needed so we can make the world safer & more equal for those who come after us .
actually a black woman created the movement  years ago
) i do this because i  have learned the hard way that i must be constantly concerned for my safety .
read the latest operator  - ed from faculty chair & director on and micro  - insults via 
shares and about being a world class athlete you rock hope !
fought him off for over an hour begged him to stop & said no ! hundreds of times .  - at age   - miraculously i was only molested
i was told and believed that i was fast and promiscuous and that i should stay away from him a  cousin . i was  .
excellent turn out today for the march in hollywood .
everyone ready for the dudes who will too ? the weinstein scandal unleashed a tsunami via 
teaser from dr . just   saying saturday morning talkradio show addressing the wound of and hope for overcomers .
bolly hungama : . richa chadha joins the campaign with this piece on her web log 
is wonderful but unfortunately proves that does not work . what are my taxes paying for ?
is not just a moment  - it is part of a larger movement . join for a national vigil
he pinned me to the bed and to re my dress . he didn  t want me to leave . i was a teenager . tm
it s so common no one wants to stop it ! hashtag explodes across social media .
even typing two words is a clash of conscience an admission of enormity a secret handshake to a terrible club . i believe you .
just happened to see this . according to miss  everything depends on the woman  . well and on put in . 
people tell their stories of sexual harassment
matthew corbett latest arrested in current sex scandals after cast accuse him of having his fists in all of them
when i was in college on the verge of coming out a minister fondled me on a mission trip sending me back in the closet for years .
and  here comes all of the think pieces on why sucks . my thoughts in the next tweet .
there is now no doubt that is an absolute moron . ask victims if their assaults were in the dark .
is the campaign gussied up voyeurism or can sharing lead to real action ? 
lesley roberts speaks out on needing to get serious reply in the workplace .
been fighting almost all of my life ( since age  ) not to let it define me victimize me . a struggle .
because i don 't think i know a single woman who hasn t been harassed .
year  old your ignorance is showing when you say can t we all just get a long as a response to
movement being referenced heavily  - love that more convos happening reply unwelcome issues
because he forced himself on me time and time again . but i couldn  t tell anyone because he was my husband .
confirmed that claim on her post was a lie . kind of like her heritage she lied about for job !
my mind works faster now to analyze a situation . thank you for listening .
and uh hit  me  up if your site still doesn  t have enough me too content and you want   to pay me to drag yet another rapist .
talk about via before media firestorm s decades of assaults
so . apparently pursuit of personal info n my local market offerings of said info for $$ $ . love 2 know who did this what inf
the backlash led to them sharing tweets so that  s a positive . 
in honor of i just donated to s as a helped me say when i needed that support the most . donate !
whether you shared or not i say : i believe you & we need to expose predators .
yet not saying  adding my voice to theirs  felt fake .
seeing myself in all these stories . i always felt like the minority and kept quiet .
alyssa milanos post prompted other celebrities including anna paquin and debra messing to come forward .
told by a psychotherapist ( and many others ) don 't you think you are overreacting ? i was harassed by a family member when i was
at  my rape led to years of feeling dirty used worthless . thankfully he no longer  owns  me .
yet you find it okay to go gawk at male strippers . double standard .
the  1 stop  that report took me back to my teens and an uncle that did many of the same things
everyday that i smiled at work managers would say it meant i must have had sex . i stopped smiling . (
talked to a expert about read this thread to learn more . 
maybe someone who was adjacent to these very moments will see this and finally understand it .
this is the third time instant  message trying to post this but won t let me
the first time i was  first job ; the last time was three months ago . that s over  years of let s turn the tide .
if you re not moved in any way by the response from then you re likely part of the problem .
retweeted kayy ; ( comments like this are the exact reason we need campaigns such as to .
social media creates communities : uc students marissa ver don & hermina gari c speak out on campaign 
tell we need to be improving campus rape . not going backwards .  -
years later i realised that wasn t the  1 stop  that time just the  1 stop  that time i remember . less than a year later a cousin  years older abused me
i don 't need a men to walk beside me i need men to respect me walking by myself .
over  million stories have been told in  words . i  ll show you how is breaking stigmas : 
it s time for men to go from ally to accomplice . men it s time for you to step up ! via
i always get caught up in thinking my experience doesn  t  count  but
first experience was a shop owner in montreal who grabbed and groped me while i happened to be the only customer in the shop
she s a world class athlete . she s playing to win . not for your objectification . this is how begins .
i just published  how experiences affect female founders & the businesses they run  
joined to discuss ways we can fight against
me too . assaulted and harassed . there is a lingering fear that i would love to say i removed from my mind  - but i can  t do that .
countless times . it isn t flattering . it is a power game . and it is sick .
we all share the responsibility of creating a more equitable and safe society .
it s not what you wear or where you re from or your social status . it s the monster that assaults you
rose mcgowan weinstein spy befriended actress and reporter 
when even the people who love you most insist you keep quiet because it  getting out would be damaging  .
any guy that thinks it s okay to kiss you just because he started dancing with you at the clu
exactly . do we want our children to be abused or protected ? 
how people are breaking the silence and saying around the world
sending love and support to all the male victims of
i hear that this stuff is happening in ca right now on both sides of the aisle . 
 not the solution to the ( problem . for healing the past a works .
when a guy screams profanities at you in a crowded bar because you won t allow him to grope your friend
neighbor boy molested me & threatened me if i told .
wow . powerful story . thank you for sharing .
wow !  i never thought i would see this happen ! the blue wave turns into a tsunami ! 
the fall of harvey weinstein should be a moment to rethink masculinity | rebecca solnit 
dear time to take a long look in the mirror
dear christians : time to take a long look in the mirror 
dear christians : time to take a long look in the mirror | religion dispatches 
doesn t mean you have to yell but i know for me i had to break my own personal silence : 
and instant  message grateful for the voice instant  message slowly finding .
all these s . don 't despair . short read & lots of screen pictures ( from facebook
those alleging abuse  famous & non  have shared powerful testimonies using here s what should happen next
but he continued to abuse me in other ways . i haven t spoken to him in  years or so . the other one only raped me about twice more
this black woman  -  -  -  - created the campaign  years ago  via
the me too campaign was created by a black woman  years ago 
the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago  via
a black woman created the campaign  years ago 
the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago
the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago . via
this black woman created the campaign  years ago
this black woman created the campaign  years ago  via
the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago 
from age  to  countless times but because of labels against me i am and always was to blame .
the woman who created long before hashtags via
 the woman who created long before hashtags
 the woman who created long before hashtags existed
the woman who created long before hashtags  - 
the woman who created long before hashtags existed
the woman who created long before hashtags
a moment for the european parliament by milan sch re uer via nyt the new york times
years later in therapy a psychologist ( male ) said i must have enjoyed being treated as such . my jaw dropped . never went back .
notes from the march : thoughts and prayers can t right what is wrong 
notes from the march : thoughts and prayers can t right what is wrong  by via
notes from the march : thoughts and prayers can t right what is wrong
so thank you & team for providing a swift creative & action based response to 
one of my sociology friends just asked when are the harassers assailants and bystanders going to admit that it was
something to think about . outrage action is useless : the problem with and viral outrage | backchannel 
for the record . some men just don 't take no for an answer and some men don 't even ask at all .
many times in the workplace at college more often than i care to recall .
here  s why the campaign should be looked at as an important moment reflecting a experience of .
either i  ve been incredibly naive or we live in world of monsters . too bad it wasn  t just me being naive again .
this simply brilliant pie chart explains the real cause of rape 
brilliant nuanced analysis . why words matter and why weinstein s apology doesn t . this : the syntax writhes in discomfort . 
harassed on a train and in a hostel dorm room . initial reaction was to blame myself .
i talk about some of it in the trauma the depression the guilt some days is overwhelming
our outrage is not overblown or unwarranted . is a serious problem . we can not endure this one minute longer . 
] by grabbing my hair & forcing me to my knees by wrestling me to the pavement to take car keys away
.  . high school . undergrad . thank you for your stories and strength .
there is so much in the news today about our culture in the us . from the recent campaign to the troubles .
i may be fat and ugly but the business world is full of it .
will the real men please stand up ? we didn  t ask for this
it wasn t a stupidity lapse it was your inherent racism . girl bye with that ! you brought up cosby . really though ? 
what happens when you publicly name a man when discussing 
because carrie ain t circulate no list bitch . she put a tongue in a box and a promise in the card something you   all ain t do
retweeted healthy place ( how to cope if hashtag triggered memories | .
i can  t wait to read it . that synopsis sounds pretty timely . hbb meg !
i  have been hesitant to share because my incidents haven t even been close to as horrible as others . but it still doesn t make it okay .
i was told at age  :  men will always do that because of how u look so just get used to it !  no they won  t & no i won  t !
when he says he was too drunk to remember you said no . but we  reply dating so it  s cool .
it  s people like me that put people like u  in their place  feels good
crew members still afraid we don 't have the power of rose mcgowan or angelina jolie
and i am raising my sons to help the next generation do better
i  have been avoiding responding to this hashtag but not doing so would be dishonest . sadly i must say from childhood through adulthood .
exactly . thank you for making my point about how awful your views on this actually are .
we are so humbled by the community is building . the care center is here for you . we believe you .
i told yeah ! a blanket apology ain t enough these post y days ! 
i will not be your like some tag  - a long ugly duckling third  - wheel who got a freebie ticket to the premiere event
thinking a lot about all the people and experiences excluded by the campaign .
he didn  t care . when i told on him to a manager other co workers called me a snitch .
be kind to yourself at all times . t  - shirt to remind you to treat yourself well
instant  message reading the movement has an icy heart via the spectator application 
casual indifference and people saying  it  s nothing  have to stop . my thoughts and support to
instant  message afraid to read the pain ( likely ) in
allegations against liberals and become feminists . accusations against conservatives and their lies ? 
the quiet roar of the posts . power of the people and the post . it  s now because we are all in this .
this happens to regular people too . humbled to have been part of telling this story
on behalf of our ancestors  - the mother s and the sisters wives young and old  - i d like to say
this isn t just about the hollywood hills or government halls .  the ugly truth of print shows penises and
we are at a pivotal point in time . more people are gaining the courage and conviction to against .
more of tara na and her family sharing their story of 
me too . if all people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted posted then maybe we 
the daily dash :  {  - i  m going deep today and uncovering the uncomfortable  the .
plus those times coworkers asked me to shield them from inappropriate clients .
i was going to tweet with the hashtag but then realized no good would come of it .
in college . he said i love you . i was drunk just coherent enough to hear . not coherent enough to stop him taking off my clothes .
feel free to pass this on to your favorite voices . . . 
 i have the right to work without hearing comments about my body or my appearance .   - gretchen carlson
 are you sure ?   i know exactly where my ass is and that  s where his hand was .  
incredible ( & sad ) of hashtag shows how widespread is . 
instant  message not ready to share my story but
in light of the hashtag asking whether you ve ever been sexually harassed ?
for everyone who s asked for help and for everyone who helped me but most importantly for everyone who can t find the words
this is in quebec and i hope that judge is forced to retire next week and apologizes to the victim .
because we deal with the teasers on one hand and lectures on modesty on other . let s stop putting the on us of blame on victims .
want to take action on here is a resource for helping kids in particular :
is yet another way  has broken my heart . you all are a thousand times stronger than i ll ever be .
our ceo says is dedicated to the safety of all girls . if you  reply not able to say say 
it sets my life on a trajectory that i never could have planned but i reached out with compassion because i wanted to heal .
ending rape culture starts with teaching kids ( by
i  have learned you never get over it . you just develop coping mechanisms to deal with it . but the experience sticks with you . forever .
movement against sexual harassment & assault is sweeping   -
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  by c johnstone 
allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made
allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made 
 allowing  go viral is biggest mistake establishment ever made  by caitlin johnstone
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment  by caitlin johnstone
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  by 
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake  by caitlin johnstone
!  allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made 
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made   caitlin johnstone
allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  buckle up !
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made   caitlin johnstone 
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  by caitlin johnstone 
 allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  
q1 : what was your initial reaction when you saw the the hashtag go viral ?
 why denial  of  normal  t you give me a little kiss . 
photos from the march a long the hollywood walk of fame
telling my favorite shitty high school 
really important article for anyone struggling to say you re not alone . 
i just love to dance . i can feel music . you let somebody else down that gets hurt if you don 't 
when will bill clinton  s victims get justice ? 
hey  : one time i had my tits grabbed while walking to a halloween party dressed as charlie brown . maybe it  s not the outfit .
just got cat called today yet again won t repeat what this pig said !
i was  the first time i remember being molested . my aunt  s boyfriend picked my up while he was standing .
they need  name names otherwise nothing changes !  
oh god yes more times than i can count or recall
you may have seen quoted on social after the movement  he spoke here at confronting violence .
might be the most eye  - opening hashtag i  ve seen on twitter .
too many terribly complicated stories i  ve carried . i absorbed blame & shame too scared to report so i suppressed it .
worse are from survivors who seek relief from their memories & end up in prison or are exploited . 
question for the hollywood crowd . where the hell was during all of this ? u r a union are u not ?
in college many times during my career ( am now very proud of an organization that will not tolerate ) even as entrepreneur .
as trends here  s a list of sex scandals in tech and entertainment 
molested by my dad and his friend when i was  ; by my cousin when i was  ; raped at  .
the latest the global press pass daily ! 
my anthem this morning in response to the alarming number of rape apologists stirred up by the campaign .
it is called being a predator . it is called violence . it is called manipulation and grooming and exploitation and coercion and intimidation . call it what it is . 
harassing bosses star journalists get exposed in afterglow in
if you want give up & comes in all go rms . harrassment from makes me a end
for the longest time i  have kept it to myself now i am ( trying to be ) strong enough to be a voice for others .
when i was in high school i was sexually as a ulted by a teacher . i told on him and i was 
you r a pig . would you like to be preyed up on like a piece of me at ? get educated or shut the fuck up .
oh they  ll probably get there . hillary  s silence during is deafening .
can indian police officers file cases suo moto on reference in social media & start investigation to nab the culprits ?
. thank you for sharing your story with all of us . i am sure it will inspire others to do the same when they are ready ! 
massive props for the strength courage and determination it takes to share your story .
for all of us who have answered to this campaign can you imagine the thousands who haven t due to fear . unimaginable
in my experience linkedin may actually be the most appropriate place for a post .  thanks 
the first time i remember i was  .  years later i don 't remember a single year without one incident of sexual harassment .
just so were clear : i am clicking on the posts to send love to the posters .  but i strongly dislike what you had to go through .
years old . producing sportscenter at espn . so often it simply became the norm . this has to end . especially in the workplace .
you   all . can we please let rapists with badges be the next target of before we move further twd more problems ? 
a headshot teacher told me i would succeed in politics but i d have to sleep around to do it .
this happens when humanity does not educate decency but guaranteed everyone here knows ky excite her pleasure commercials ridiculous
private eye nails weinstein and trump with one cover :
looks like he got caught molesting and then had a face  - transplant to go in disguise . 
feeling such deep admiration of and support for today . proud to be a fan of rent and disco .
we stand in solidarity & support all survivors ; those who choose to publically disclose and those who do not
on takes issue with putting clarence thomas and harvey weinstein in the same category
happened to me in don 't c are and multiple times in new  york  city .
instant  message so appreciative of everyone s voices and strength .
thank you for sharing your story . it relates to every aspect of what s happening right now
thank you again for having me on as part of tonight s segment . for those who missed it : 
please rt the video message thank you ! 
who s getting the legal work as weinstein roil hollywood  at
who s getting the legal work as weinstein roil hollywood  via
who s getting the legal work as weinstein roil hollywood
what s the best way to express support and solidarity for the movement ?
those victims count too . not only that but two women sexually assaulted me so let s not pretend women don 't do it too !
* working on twitter thread about other side of movement  - more to come this afternoon *
don 't ask them in every job interview to tell their story .
scary scientific truths about power harvey weinstein and your brain  [ new post ] via
it says something how many of my friends coworkers and relatives are posting tonight .
thank you for sharing your story and standing up for what s right .
in one instance a stranger grabbed me in the manner & location endorsed by the man this country elected . he smiled . so now what ?
.  one of the first steps is to remove those in power who contribute to and to educate others on it s impact by
creating code for care how do we change culture ? the things i shrugged off then horrify me now 
and down goes another man who thought he could harass a woman with impunity . 
it s not your gender it s not your age it s not your fault it s not your lack of clothes it s not the location it s the assailant
whether you choose to speak out or not your worth never has & never will be diminished . you are not responsible for others actions .
so what we get abused and not only were we asking for it but our pain and suffering is annoying you ? 
it is never okay to just  grab them by the pussy  you are a disgrace ! women are fierce . women are survivors .
ever since i shared my story on facebook this morning here s what has happened to me 
sheila nevins hbo docs : it s the collective voices that s made the difference by the way now &  6  0 s . & empowerment .
update : hundreds turned out for the survivors march in hollywood
it s important to remember that men r survivors  ! thank   you for
my wife asked me to post since she has no twitter account . 
gaga s community took to twitter to support responding to the
sadly i want to ask been harassed or assaulted .
thanks michelle someone needs to stand up for the pussy grabbers
nicolas cage marks himself  safe  during hollywood witch hunt 
were encouraged by the ways in which is generating action and activism . let s keep pushing until every obstacle to liberation is overturned . 
wrote a beautiful poem in response to the movement today :
and trump university is an ivy league school right guess what ? 
once an attempted carjacking victim by a  man  who said i  d smiled at him at a club when i  d never seen him before .
in  case you missed  it : we had a lot to say about in the hint : were optimistic but there s more work ahead .
social media takes an empowering turn
i have been thinking a lot about there s a saldana these days as so many do the story share . what would she have to say ?
we all of us have a responsibility to treat each other with respect kindness and love . we must be better .
interesting article from how do we move the campaign to sustained concrete action ? 
oh my  god . i just fell even more in love with carrie fisher .  ( full story :  )
this is the frustration data too . the behavior is not hidden . the shoulder shrugs that do nothing are the issue . 
i was thirteen years old . i was sure it was my fault . he said it was my skirt . i believed him .
some justice your photo was posted on this is the guy who raped me
okay people trying to ban  to kill a mockin bird  and people complaining about
such an amazing post about and allyship from former director of media 
what the campaign means for global female solidarity 
i was shocked and had no idea what to do so i just laughed . i died inside but had no ability to cope . i didn t want to offend .
it s on the tasting room radio show . let us all stand up and be stronger with .
why don 't victims feel comfortable coming forward ?
as a young guy who worked in theatre for over a decade i was not immune . yes it happened to now it has to stop .
& even though i filed a complaint had to keep working with my harasser several levels up the org chart
tired of hearing and want to check out & the national vigil on  : 
my blowing smoke on your face my attempt to denigrate & be unfair to u becoz u won t keep silent becoz u said you would fight
remember that for however many stories there are there are more who are staying silent and keeping their stories to themselves
to each and every one of you with a experience spoken or unspoken i believe you . i support you . i love you . and i  m here for you .
. and are not different . homework got fired trump should have never been hired .
top news ! the movement didn t begin with harvey weinstein . and it won t end there
instead of saying  do not go around lighting people on fire  we are telling women  denial  of  normal  t be flammable .  
heartbroken how many friends have said . some of us needed time and your support before we too could say
so true ! they will be posting almost killed or raped on the max after the game
. says harvey weinstein is disgusting but he s not the only problem thank you !
sounds like you have some serious issues of your own . maybe you should seek some help .
from social to fashion : wants to bring strong messages to your jeans
from social to fashion : wants to bring strong messages to your jeans  via
 a livello global e  to get a sense of the magnitude of the problem 
not just hollywood . in large companies so ingrained in the culture . when reported it is ignored .
there s only three things any man with a conscience can say to every woman who s posted so far :
here s why people are posting on social media tonight :  via
thanks for keeping the conversation going ! tonight at  on 
speak up against sexual predators : if you are kind to the cruel you ll end up cruel to the kind . taught by from
good follow up to our post from yesterday on leadership and 
right now and doubt the survivors of roy moore .
must read for everyone supporting and wishing to sustain power behind momentum 
and an unfortunate application name . weinstein a real life hedonism bot | science   via
to all those sharing your stories of thank you for your voices and courage .
mama missing  in  action hope this doesn  t figure in issue
a man who once slapped my ass and commented on my weight just posted his no fuck you and no thank you .
this campaign has me day dreaming about masses of predators ( m or f ) finally being exposed & jailed . 
hollywood  s biggest stars use on  - camera appearances to act inappropriately  via
i mentioned you and in my marketing keynote about immersive protest . audiences really learn how silence = death to algorithm
what  s next for the movement : a conversation with tara na burke
unlike the rest of america i do not automatically believe words of accusers .
kim samuel speaks to the importance of transforming this powerful moment of into meaningful action
i took a quick peek at to distract me from all the feelings was making me experience . now it s the afternoon .
interesting that you or your reps didn t contact about it but instead decided to take advantage of
what action to take now ? the problem with & viral outrage  - wired 
indiana baptist pastor accused of molesting young girls : when the girl said  no  the pastor laughed . 
when one of the people who sexually harassed you posts on facebook
it has never stopped since some instances have been more violent but that was definitely my first . as a  year old .
from to .  this article offers practical advice to be a part of the cultural shift . 
not all of us are having success . i may have found my voice but was fired anyways . hugs to all of those going through the same .
i guess this is the change of attitude that was not specifically expecting to get but it did . and it genuinely feels good ! 
anyone else been groped by a stranger and then have a friend tell you  well what did you expect  ?
opinion | may i m bialik : being a feminist in harvey weinstein  s world
because my eyes denial  of  normal  t like to focus anymore
when i was  i was swimming and i had guys grabbing at my damn vagina and life guards laughed it off .
i have to ask : did the campaign count for absolutely nothing ?
wow . i am blessed . this hashtag is so honest and eye opening .
i expected to read about anita hill and what s his name ! 
monica lewinsky tweets hey was it rape
day working on today was like sitting in mud & my wouldn  t be quiet .
i luckily don 't have anything serious to report reply but this episode seems relevant .
the quotidian doesn  t make for a good tale . true . these are also the stories we wish to forget
one of the first people i told my moment to asked if i made it up for attention .
my latest . only been covering albany for  months and i  ve heard some wild stuff .  
when you want to say yes when you choose to give consent you are in your power . 
what  s up with that ? my daughters love you but your choices have made you an inappropriate role model . 
because you had to buy pepper spray to feel safe enough to walk on the sidewalk in your small town .
i  m usually the one pushing for measured conversations but the denialist responses to has me at a loss today . tomorrow then .
i am grateful for the and hashtags . they remind me of the myriad tools we have to work toward justice .
male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man means via
male silence is teaching algorithms what being a man means  quartz
male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man means
him  .  male silence is teaching algorithms what being a man means
male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man means :
abusing someone shows your cowardice .   . report tweet . 
too painful to share . thanks to all the brave souls . we are not alone . let s end this motherfucker .
by the way : is a vast new source of personal information for campaigns of the future .
as is unfolding there are celebrity pastors like with knowledge of child sex crimes covered up for decades
get it out dear one the world is finally listening  
just because something is common doesn t mean we should accept it as normal
 the campaign was founded over ten years ago by tara na burke . 
hashtag has an image but doesn t . still u say was a genuine trend not from feminism branch of deep state .
look at his shirt . he has dementia you clod . aren t you lefties big on who  - has  - power ? he doesn t anymore . 
breaks my heart seeing friends coworkers acquaintances using
and when i told people what had happened they d say but you re not that kind of girl .
i was harrassed in my professional life by a hospital administrator . and my job was threatened .
under age an under the influence cannot give consent . period ! this is the law . 
because even when you speak up and tell the police sometimes they don 't believe you .
why a lot of people say nothing : fear that it will hurt and alienate even more people around them . 
sometimes all it takes is these three words .  i believe you . thank you
i  have walked alone on the streets of ny enough to say yeah
both books inspired by true events of and violence with
far more than  . part of the explosion over creeps and  - hopefully  - will be exposing 
because it  s not a joke . it  s not something we just  get over  it  s real and it ruins lives .
the laws protecting our children will never be changed until the elite go down ! 
when you say and i feel ashamed of how much our gender may be filthy and violent never ever be afraid i am with you
because you always wonder would what life would have been out with this traumatic shit show .
million human beings have responded that is approximately  of the population has had someone respond . alyssa !
college friend md at my first job as a pt creep sitting next to me on airplane and more .
i was told no one would believe me that i was probably asking for it because of how i was dressed and that i should get over it .
to the needs and concerns of the jewish community and highlight resources for education and support . because
as a female bartender and server in the restaurant industry after college it was basically a daily occurrence !
america ferrera says she was sexually assaulted as a   - year  - old in a instagram post .
because i know no woman who has not been sexually harassed . & even though the truth is and that is frustrating .
guess what happened to i was molle s ted by an older man . so yeah .
to the boy who wouldn t take no for an answer and the stranger who thought i was his property .
i believe you it s okay to be scared know you are not alone
sending love and support to everyone remembering and you are never alone .
like i said .  those who never went though this & have no idea do not get to tell us how we deal with it . 
since age  in social and professional settings . allies needed and appreciated . here too . 
thankful i addressed what happened and didn  t let it define me and i learned to trust again .
me too . there was the amtrak butt  - grabbing every f  - ing day being yelled lewd comments at the guy meowing .
when i was  i almost got sexually assaulted by a schoolmate . i was scared to tell anyone .
i want to learn to support and protect my students . 
it s always important to give credit where it s due and stand together .
yes i know i just can t believe instant  message reading that .
a frat boy pulled me into a broom closet said he could tell what kind of underwear i had on . you have to show me that he said .
i would go on more walks before bed . dancing . concerts . literally everything and anything .
said in  in one of the most brave and inspiring speeches i  have ever seen . a good reminder 
woman posts graphic injury selfie as part of the viral campaign
but no one should have to know that about me or any other woman to understand that this is a very real problem
because i know more women who have been sexually assaulted or harassed than women who haven  t .
more times than i can count more stories than i care to tell
i think someone should . so glad you re at the helm . stay close . tm
has your nonprofit responded to if not check this out and learn how to get into more uncomfortable conversations . 
 do not let it be erased that tara na burke started the campaign .  by 
in  tara na burke started the campaign
still my scariest experience . is when that dive instructor in bali took my reg out of my mouth & kissed me at a safety stop . underwater .
an for our new misty griffin in life nothing is certain . distractions happen . focus on your goal !
survivors are strong . thank you for your courage & bravery .
climbed over him where he felt me up more i got off at the next stop . walked the next  miles home shaking
& remember this is need local confidential help ? call   -
i join everyone else in feeling like i d be surprised if a woman couldn t say
thank you all for your bravery and strength . were so much stronger than our pain .
dr . nancy class  my plan application for domestic violence is featured on cbc listens on the coast radio .
knowing how hard it is to talk about it i am full of respect and admiration for anyone who did .
. when i was  years old my stepfather drew me to him his legs spread and rubbed me against him i can still smell the booze . always thought it was my fault . i  m
i was sexually assaulted at  . it happens far too often . it needs to stop .
ellen degeneres gets slammed on twitter over sexist tweet to katy perry can say now
it s sad that even at  years old i knew that penetration was how you made babies . and i drew the line there . some lady in her  2  0 s
is one of the most powerful moments of viral vuln er bility . embrace it at your campus !
cleo mirza   analyzes the trend writing that we should support survivors and exclude perpetrators .
in  case you missed  it : such a powerful piece by that so many can relate to .  
thanks to for putting this into words . no matter what it  s not okay . 
because i was to young to know better and then to afraid to speak .
whenever i read despite his unhealthy preoccupation with i come away feeling sorry for the poor lad .
thank you for your support together we can achieve please keep retweeting and spreading the word
countless times walking down the street since i was around  years old
a year ago we felt doomed but then we started listening to each other believing one another and backing each other up .
one in six boys will be sexually abused before they turn  .
.  i am  years old and it has took most of my life to learn to and to know
i  have tweeted about it in the past & i  have no desire to go into it today . love & blessings to us all .
all important things to do in wake of     seem especially relevant in academi
help those who have posted or ever thought by supporting rva today .
i  m a woman who has left the house at some point in my life .
you guys couldn  t get a woman to moderate tonight  s conversation about ?
please leak the names of the person fired and suspended . only sunlight will solve this . 
a march will take place at  a . m . on sunday nov .  at the intersection of hollywood boulevard and highland avenue .
what does he mean he wishes he had protection ? from what ? oh how i wish i had protection all those times from vile males like him .
saddened that as individuals our words aren t enough . that we have to resort to being a trend on twitter in hopes of being believed .
well i think it pretty safe to say that has officially destroyed any chance of reviving her career .
is a good start .  but if you really want to make a statement
most recently this weekend sitting next to my mom . and it happened to both of us .
where  s your voice if not yours where is your head if not yours where is your tongue if not yours where is your heart and soul ?
thank you for this beautiful and soothing thread for the posts . you are a gift to this world .
does it help girls to explain to them what is legal and not in workplace ? then what to do about it ? is about stopping this for them
so glad that you share some of the same traits in real life as cersei . you are a and we are lucky to have you on this !
every person who has had this experience needs to out the pigs ! one by one they will fall ! 
with all the stuff going down who in the se .   so this is a question i d really like to answer an .  
] & i am grateful that i survived those events . god saved me for his purposes . gloria poole right now missouri
reading many of the responses is sad & unfortunate for so many . this is the world we live in .  must stop .
love this piece from colleague which pretty closely mirrors my feelings on 
this is one of our many solutions to the movie is long but well worth a watch :
enough with this shit . instant  message a victim of rape . shove that me too up your asses .
and when i spoke up i was called a liar & was ostracized by some of my  friends  who sided with my abuser
infect or affect or any facet of life when it comes to unwanted advances .
when will go viral about racism in the workplace ?  -  - opening keynote at conference atlanta .
because i feel alone since a lot of folks sailed clear of me
stand strong ! the people are behind you ! don 't back down ! 
rt zark ava :  tips for dealing with workplace harassment  by lolly daskal rt lolly daskal
why i think polar donuts not harvey weinstein should be the poster boy for the campaign  steem it 
for someone who is no longer able to speak up . my sister
and let us know if you  reply ready to take on this issue .
directors dean s and vps don 't just talk to future grad students because they re interested in the field . don 't be naive about the networking .
i found mine about a month ago after  years of silence . you re not alone !
at the ages of    . still deal with catcalling till this day as well
i  have been afraid to use the hashtag this article helps explain why .  via
and oh my  god men stop protecting other men with your indifference and apathy . stop it right now .
there will always be assholes ( trump is prez . ) there are many of us who have been sexually abuse we stand behind you ! 
i was  . i can tell you exactly what i was wearing down to my red patent leather jessica simpson pumps . he was my friend .
my thoughts as a gender  - neutral supporter . let us all respect each other as humans . thanks meenu ji .
legal news : startup launches post  - harvey legal support hotline tales
 i did not know that there was a world in which anybody would care .  read this . we  ve all felt like this . 
rt nytimes has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it .
goes beyond social media & turns into political tides 
we fight together to be the last members of this particular old girls club
) instant  message constantly checking my surroundings even with my fianc or my dad . like i said it doesn t matter who instant  message with .
you bury it because you  reply made to feel like you are the one who is wrong overreacting or whose own words cannot be trusted .
seeing people you love use the me too hashtag is so sad
europe is far behind the new world in this regard . germany totally neglected and made fun of
while a grad student i was sent a lewd email by a mathematician with erdo s no .  & a wikipedia page . i didn t go to jmm that year .
is a raising of hands not a pointing of fingers . if you raise yours only to announce i didn t do it you re part of the problem .
if you logged on to any social media site last week was most likely at the top of your feed .
ages   -  but the impact never really goes away
number of posts by my friends is heartbreaking but not surprising
me too . standing with everyone who has been abused assaulted harassed and disrespected .
to those sharing their stories and to those who are not yet ready to share we believe you .
also i wonder how many of these actors tweeting and feigning horror at the weinstein stuff are shooting films with woody allen ?
is gender neutral . please don 't perpetuate this violence by shaming others into silence .
if you  reply a trump supporter kindly spare us your selective outrage at the weinstein scandal . 
i was  & at a school function when a parent came up to my side and just started sticking his fingers down the tops of jeans
shout out to the ones who can  t or chose not to come forward . shout out to those who could keep going .
 i have nothing to say about anything  the disgraced director said of the latest slew of allegations against him . 
waiting her whole life to be able to say sending her much love .
can t fall asleep . i  have stayed up reading so many of the posts .
what sane motherfucker  r wouldn  t want a woman to get a abortion in the case of rape and incest . 
in the spirit of disclosure sometimes the physical wound may heal but the emotional upheavals take years to overcome .
by friends in all grades raped  times (  2 x in my   s  2 x in   s ) my boyfriend slaps and chokes me and my dad makes innuendos 
because i internalized it for two years . because i thought it was excusable . because i knew the red be some way to blame me .
until trump was elected . friends started telling secrets then . 
wish i could frame this not just for men because a lot of these apply to racism too how men can do better
there s absolutely no place for a or any kind of abuse towards anyone and we should disavow anyone in doing so whether it be or otherwise
as long as i live i will have control over my being . on the rape of her person by her tutor .
after hours on the internet i figured out who was . i had read his article & it pissed me off . wasn t surprised by it !
why i have  locks on my door & hate going out alone at night .
join me on the show today on we will be discussing the response to
me myself i got nothing to prove justin bieber  - fast car  - tracy chapman cover via
would anyone afraid to share their story before speak to us s
has gone viral on social media . here s how it started .
i d call a scumbag but that would be unfair to scumbags . the bottom keeps calling & we keep red i fining it lower and lower . 
i was raised as an evangelical fundamentalist rwnj . then they were complicit in keeping me trapped in my then they kicked me out for escaping my then i got cancer while pregnant . and they still hate me . 
this artist created a locked  - lip piercing to make a statement about a post shared by .  via
you are worthy . you are valued . you are loved . you are wanted . you are desired . you are beautiful . you are love . and
getting blunt with my because . powerful advice from on empowering your kids .
happened when i was around  . been living with it since . only ever told one person and that was my sister .
i was  1  0 years old my abuser was  .  he got a slap on the wrist while i live w / the memories  4 ever .
i was  when an entertainer on a cruise ship put his hand down the back of my bathing suit after selecting me from the audience to dance . said it was  part of the fun .  
sorry . means i as well have been raped or sexually harassed .
devastating saddening maddening . is all of that yet also powerful and empowering . i read i listen discuss and engage . 
when enough of us came forward about it they let go of the hour team so they didn t have to answer to anyone .
how one mother turned her into gold for her  year old son .
for those in the horrible club don 't believe for a minute that god had anything to do with or took any .
my response to took a long time to write . possibly all  years .
i reported it to mgt and was shamed by the  bosses  . i had to continue to work w him . so humiliating .
i don 't feel comfortable sharing my experience but i stand with you all
at my medical workplace and later raped leaving a social club  years ago .
and literally every single female in my life  - from the baby boomers to the millennials .
to anyone who posted or who did not feel comfortable doing so : i believe you . you are valued . you are .
it is interesting how group dynamics are reflected in what is now termed trending . why wait for others to speak out first ?
this book comes highly recommended for those trying to understand abuse manipulation narcissism .
kudos sister for stepping up and in to help set the kill   steal legislature straight 
i  m not and it  s disgusting . we  ve all been there when  leave me alone  was never enough when turning away wasn  t either .  
no more letting fear keep you silent . is your chance to and 
/  correction up my dress then grabbed my a * * . reported it 2 station attendant when i got 2 my stop . there s more .
named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators | jessica valenti | opinion | the guardian 
that s right baby ! leave the children alone twisted freaks !
you guys think lucas was disgusting wait until you find out about mpc stalwart terrence rhine
unless i missed it  - but the segment on reply etc  - did they even mention bill o reilly ?
maddie mor tell : twitter feature shows local impact of 
retweeted the guardian ( named the victims . now let s list the perpetrators | jessica valenti .
the advocate mag : aly raisman has come forward .
before it became a hashtag one attorney was saying : today she battles the system that employs her : 
yes . and instant  message still not really ready to talk about it .
read this facebook post  - powerful stuff 
a must read : revealing haunting and well written . shows great courage . 
then there s all the times i had my shir unzip pe hands down my pants or up my shirt by strangers .
read this clear distillation of the truth many have ignored for too long .
lovely to be at for being in a room of women helping women is what i need during week
sex object changed mine as well as a friend  s life after experiencing s a .
denial  of  normal  t touch someone without consent
the testimonials are astounding . enough we must use our voices & numbers to shut this down . speak up point fingers !
there is a cleansing to talking about this and getting it out . there is a strength and power in stopping your perpetrator whoever he is .  via
i wish i were just a tiny bit surprised . but still grateful to all who speak out .
epidemic : america s trade in child rape by lori hand rah an 
who will be the for disabled children ? epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
a man is a who has been  times ! how do we him ? if we kept we d understand better .
grateful to those who shared . respectful of those who didn  t . holding accountable those who per pet rat complacent in violence
age  : sexually abused by another boyfriend . last person i ever dated .
ptsd is real again with all too much . trump hurricanes fires and just trying to survive it all .
thanks for bringing attention to something so widespread yet so invisible .
i hope the comments on jackie speier s video are russian trolls not real americans . 
the first time i switched high schools . the second time i dropped out of college . i  m still here and i  m still fighting . 
.  with so many statements that i read on social media yet so few from educators should i conclude that a it  s not an issue in ed ?
yep . i hope for better things for my daughters .
today s brief :  asks what  the  fuck ?  she ll  s ev charger  impact measurement brain trust  
is important because every woman had a mother who had a grandmother & the daughters coming up will have daughters you will never know
at  i and some of the neighborhood kids noticed a guy driving around and taking our pictures
[ is a testament to how powerful woman can be when we do stand together and we are one .  - alyssa _ milano t  
tanz i allegations of hostile work environment at ri state house chase for amazon pawsox stadium 
director says weinstein recast actress who wasn  t  f*ck able    via
i have never spoken ( outside of therapy ) about it until last week & it was  + years ago .
she looked at me and said it s not my place . i asked her about the grandkids . did she not think she should protect them ?
is the sermon this sunday . not going   to mince words . bring someone
by a boyfriend to make me his so i couldn t break up with him but that  1 stop  that one made me stronger for the  2 and & i fought back
been reading all these testimonies and it scares me to know that one day my daughte may experience this pain
we are survivors . we own the narrative . even though it can still hurt like hell . our resilience our lives our innocence .
.  we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
me too . to give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
graduate das domestic v . interventionist paralegal with gyno comas tia before law school . national  basketball  association   v . nfl : gentlemen v .
recently actress joy bryant shared her deceased mother  s story the story that resulted in her birth .
guys get handsy . sometimes it doesn t even phase you . you laug it off . which admittedly is part of the problem .
thank you to all the people brave enough to speak up . tweet  of
report and block every tweet that is spam .  there are a lot . train the algorithms .
i don 't even want to read these me too hashtags . way too sad
what will our response as men be to  how men are planning to fight rape culture  
for all the times ignore him he s just an a**hole  was said privately instead of standing up publicly . united w /
uk minister says he made secretary buy sex toys as hits parliament
a british minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as hits uk parliament
i tried to share this on fb but couldn t . so sharing your post here .
sounds like bill cosby ! drugged the guy !
me and almost every single one of my girlfriends some male friends as well . bosses commanders on the street
like my case what scosche industries had and has been harming me my parents and my friends are committing crimes !
i think there are infinite better ways to communicate that that don 't perpetuate the idea deliberate or not that is for attention .
. first date . i never reported because he threatened me it was my word against his .
given how intense this week has been with and everything in between it  d be nice to share
i will no longer allow my pain to silence my voice .
great presentation of the no one should be afraid to speak up ! love shouldn t hurt
hollywood reporters ought to ask meryl streep about production status of her nra movie with weinstein . 
i hope the women shouting and the men and people around them will . if you aren t alone then you aren t alone ! share
did something revolutionary writes  i can say & it s okay to b silent if you choose
hashtags such as are a way for survivors to deconstruct oppressive forces and really speak to how they operate  
flicking trash into my shirt like they were playing basketball making fun of me for saving myself for marriage .  none of it was okay .
at  i fell asleep under the influence after homecoming and woke up to a  friend  on top of me kissing me . i just froze scared .
discovering existed for a decade discovering that could have been a strong case for culture shift
gals c writing boys getting confused if there proposal is accepted .
as a seven year old i was molested by a brther as an adult by my boss who was a dr . he said no one would believe me over him .
after i got sexually assaulted i was afraid to tell anyone .
i hope the will start being in al case i wish for
i  have been compartment ali zing this week because i had important things to do yesterday and today i crashed because of it so here it is
candid full  - disclosure analysis of from guys  - girl a must  - read perspective for skeptics : 
to those who thought the word  no  meant yes good try .
so great to have your voice in this fight my brother ! down with the monsters !
trying to engage about serious topics on twitter is kind of maddening with character limits
highlights long  - running global war on says founder valerie hudson 
some of these girls should tweet joe biden so then lib media and hollywood will have to investigate . what would they be if they ignored this ?
isn t new . but this time survivors hope things will be different 
isn & new . but this time survivors hope things will be different 
thank you for sharing . i wish someone had believed you .
fear is part of our lives but somehow it s always our fault .
depression clouds your mind so bad that you dead ass feel empty and not adequate for anyone .
how hits home as a parent to boys and a girl 
bush serious apology blames victim for lacking sense of humor . 
yep former nurse  and it also happened with an alternative healer shame !  who can we trust ?
he was helping me after i was stung by a bee and he pushed back my top . i had no idea what to do . i was eleven .
the accusers are all in position of power . even pastors . i was afraid to use the bathroom in church .
with him for him to buy dinner or let me sneak off with one of my abusers . that one main abuser started with me when i was  . (  )
join us this sunday : survivors  march and rally !
my prof tells me i  m  sexy  in front of the entire opera department . when i blanch he says i should learn how to take a compliment 
some good tips here from about to talking to girls ( and boys ) about 
years ago i was scared into keeping quiet and i regret that . don 't let these monsters 
i don 't .  share things but i guess it s better to speak up so .  
( i still can t muster up the courage to post it on facebook where more people would see . )
grabbed by the p*ssy  in fact . he was not rich powerful or a star but i still didn  t say anything .
hey hamsters ! please share this video . it s of me calling out remarks made in our govt . 
is literally trending because someone tried to illustrate how much of a pandemic it is and you still won  t believe us .
i can t say what i can say is i will always listen always push for equality and always always show respect .
i would like to say but i want to tell those guys . it s time for you to stop being silent sufferers .
these grenades and gunshots in my head sure get loud when your name pops up
if mattered to you or impacted you gun control  - especially for those with domestic violence convictions  - should too . 
and asks for tips . what the heck is happening ? say something or you re complicit . 
men  - if you too never want another woman to expe i en ce violence or say here  s your work : 
tomorrow live harvey levin backpedaling about kathy griffin using example snoop friend
worse that the starlet lind waited years before saying anything then used the asinine hashtag to get her fame . pathetic shameful of her .
was maddie ziegler abused by male dance teacher ? !   - shocking evidence
hi would you be available for a interview in the next two hours about in egypt ? thanks in advance
devastated seeing many friends and loved ones using the hashtag .
oscar says .  claims he was treated like a piece of crap in hollywood by . & .
wow . the weinstein revelations continue impact into other sectors . 
grateful for a therapist that believes me and advocates for me because i still deal with the trauma every day .
it feels wrong to love this but thank you for your voice
follow terry who ordered  bricks ! he got  for the wall &  we sent him ! order
the best kind champion for truly please read 
for all those posting their stories  -  - we see you . we hear you . we are here for you . you are not alone .
so the jennifer furgeson incident involving a senior safa official took place in pe ? my  .  the dots . danny jordaan ?
hillary clinton puts her lust for money before values & principles : she is repugnant ! 
on a day when the campaign is trending . proud of pic2 . o where writers can talk about anything even abortion 
so many of us are suffering ptsd from an unnamed war one we did not sign up to fight . you are not alone .
the advocate mag : there is no room for victim blaming . 
today & i tackle + father s who invoke their daughters when responding to gender inequity : 
so no systems have been investigated and media has not ever reported and has in fact often countered in social circles . what  the  fuck +  1  1 y
is weinstein simply trying to use  as an excuse ? does it matter ? 
how messed up is it that when traveling solo at age  my dad still has to text me reminders to not walk around alone after dark .
if any of you have two bits of sense now is the time to speak up . sing now before you get again . 
it s not that they want your freedom under the feminist slogans what they actually want is free access to you .
when i was  and playing with boys in summer camp and again at  a family member .
i was harrassed and abused by women for years . girls and women my age .
staggering numbers of girls are experiencing violence often by those entrusted to take care of them 
my sister had a today and damn it if that didn t break my heart more than my own
every carries he silent many who cannot speak because they live your friends close & your enemies closer  .
record label founder ? is playing up for all it s worth in advance of her for good reviews .
anyone raping a child period no  or  year sentences ! therapy is not enough to cure these sick bastards !
the issue about in westminster is that no one yet wants to be it takes bravery to speak out
i  support movement but i also wish some modesty and fem in it was back in vogue so to speak
instant  message a and instant  message with you elizabeth . as one of your deliberate and passionate i ll always continue supporting you .
too many celebrities in us including former presidents in trouble because of perhaps frenc systems good .
floods thanks to alyssa milano  - cnn 
my first interview from  years ago .  documentary done by the brilliant alison o reilly .  
is hosting a benefit reading at on  . come out and join us to raise money for 
i like to introduce a different perspective on despite it we survive and thrive . real warriors out there so i ll say
be sure to check out the latest episode of balance boldly link in bio
reading makes me uncomfortable . much like to kill a mockingbird did when i was  . comfort = complacency . silence = acceptance
let s start a new campaign if you re ready for a female reboot of america . 
i was in grade school and was on my period . he broke down the bathroom door as i was taking a bath out of town . i would have been
i am adding a for my late mother who was raped repeated by her father from age  .
my video clip didn  t make it on to the cbs nightly news segment on but this is what i said and believe . thank u all for being part
it  s happened to every woman i know . and many men by the way .
this is not just a female problem . fuck all these sick bastards to hell .
we don 't need those touches we don 't walk our way home for you to caress our thighs like it s just okay . we don 't .
please recognize the didn t just happen a few days ago . 
so many feels rocking in silver lake last week all my life get yeah .
you were asking for details from the case regarding here you go 
thank you for your strength and fortitude we need to support each other and speak loudly .
] has not paid that money to me but it is still due to me per court agreement . gloria poole right now missouri
disgusting ! welcome to the muslim stone age ! and that shit in times of much
another friend was propositioned and made to feel very uncomfortable after a guy told her she was dancing in a provocative manner
the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets  - following a week of more devastating and disturb i .
the hashtag was used in an enormous number of tweets following a week of more devastating .  via
a deplorable bully ; incapable of asserting a modicum of self  - control . we are ever tainted by his sorry behavior .
i  ve been wondering if what i have experienced qualifies as but the fact that i  m questioning may just be the reason we need this
i type this through tears . don 't let the secrets rule your life . remember : you count !
as the father of a son i will encourage him to be part of the solution as well . l  d or v  d or .
i am so sorry that this has happened to someone that i know and to all who has this to happen them .
it s so pervasive and commonplace i just assume everyone already knows but if this helps eliminate willful ignorance then
but more like  today  later but no less for  listening to quiet voices  stillness  fruit   power within
most memorable : a doctor & the guys building the elementary school near my house when i was  or
after what fox news knew and susan fowler  s latest interview : broadsheet for oct .  -
wishing the dream girl of bollywood a very happy birthday . may god bless her .
at school at work on the street . didn t matter what i wore or how i looked .
instant  message so sorry what happened to you ! i have been silent but
next web log post coming soon ! 
that i stopped seeing it as something shocking or disconcerting . but that s just not done . so
may exaggerate prevalence of sex crimes | national review 
parties on my way home  - i was brought up to learn to defend myself
seeing and reading stories that are flooding my timeline are heartbreaking because there are so . many . same . stories .  and because
franky this falls under money talks and walks . until later in broke life then bring it up .
because someone else wants to claim their hurt so yours doesn t matter .
this is what i  have been thinking about ! god bless us ! please check my proposal on with .
i was made to think my body was not all mine at the age of   - and that is not okay .
a remember working on a film you starred in & spike directed . my prayers are with you  you are a hero !
i wondered how long the movement would take to start outing people locally . it s begun .
when partial to an staff member boasting he hired a female based on the size of her breasts who do you confide in ?
first attack was when i was  . i escaped .  as i did when i was  . had ptsd all through the election victim  - blaming last year .
the experiences of girls of color are often unheard unseen ignored silenced & diminished
the experiences of girls of color are often exponentially unheard unseen ignored silenced and diminished .
the experiences of girls of color are often unheard unseen ignored silenced & diminished .
y millions girl cannot read & write in yemen india indonesia thailand africa etc  - global transformations failure
claims turn spotlight on friendship w welcome   back ceo 
fox news : . monica lewinsky tweets 
monica lewinsky tweets | fox news 
monica lewinsky tweets  - fox news 
put this in category ! fuck are a cost me years of intentional malpractice wrong meds job hoarding auto theft !
after successfully fighting him off i hid in a bathroom for  hours hoping he wouldn  t kick the door in . no cell phones back then . 
anita hill on  it is a moment for change and there is a lot of energy there . 
hey all you who have suffered there is strength in numbers . let s stand up & be counted
i have to live with not knowing the extent of what happened while knowing that the one i trusted most did nothing to protect me
are cool when they set limits and help their kids be safe from bullies and pimps .
for every posted there s an behind it . imagine if every perpetrator stepped forward ? !
- thanks for being brave ! well fight through the tears together . we are not alone . 
thanks to for the book picks that help students grapple with complex issues in
i couldn t remember the tormentors name until i started to cry . buried that memory .
any woman can be sexually harassed or assaulted . it is not your fault and you didn t overact .
excellent panel ! great bravery courage insight and ideas from all .
got to let it see p out lest it nicks an artery0 + and becomes a life  - flowing gush . that makes no sense at all ? !  does to me . ; as a boy !
hemmed and ha we d over posting because  what will people think ? !   . well that  s part of the problem isn  t it .
she had the courage to say me publicly before there was anyone to say the essence of strength and dignity . 
read this entire thread . guys i mean you .  
this really happened > was outed for having a gerbil inserted anally & i think needed removed by doctors .
i was raped by an uncle by marriage named johnny mun sey . i was 13 . i bled  weeks . i was ashamed .
stalked grabbed all over quo ludes in drink almost raped  3 x propositioned to be mistress  2 x knife at throat attempted add u ction
i  have unfortunately been a victim in so many ways . it gets old and must stop
: circus circus (  once all of our things were put away in our hotel room and the camper was locked up for .
think of the men s reputations ! not the angle i d take for a story or editorial right now but you do you 
in  case you missed  it : : a really excellent piece by .   via
yeah if only this   - month  - old boy would have learned his lesson .
another day with thanks to the fact i am a member of the club . and
an object they thought they had rights to . but i still encountered hostile client workplaces . in my late  5  0 s i worked w / a group
the latest the w mjf  - television  news daily !  thanks to
i did this earlier but didn t really delve much deeper . i was molested by my step dad until i was  and .
i walked around in fear for several years wondering what i should do if i bumped into him before learning he had transferred .
the woman who took on hollywood in the  1  9  3  0 s : it happened one night . . . at mgm 
alyssa milano on campaign : we are going to be vocal until this stops  - abc news 
campaign shines light on those sexually harassed or assaulted .
and sadly one of the reasons i decided not to go into the arts in the first place x
so proud of being a woman . you will never be by your own and this is such a brave way to show it . 
and nobody believed me when i told them . listen to those in need  - you might be the only one they have the courage to come to .
things change when the truth can no longer be ignored .
i posted this on my personal page . i have experienced it . so many of us have . it is about power and .
i thought his  apology  was quite lacking too and a little too lukewarm considering his crime . 
if you thought was stupid . all these recent reports are proof they are anything but . 
. called out james woods at the march in hollywood
how many had  get breast exam  play sports in high school bull ^ & * ^ why screen  that ? as a requirement to play sports !
but my account is anonymous . n . b . that this won t come close to revealing the true magnitude of
i hope my precious daughter and granddaughter never need to post as their status
happening right now : this matters conversations around with our own faculty members as panelists .
about ladies ! use tough words and out the male perpetrators .
i wrote about what means to me as someone who has written about being a survivor . 
singing teacher . i was  . classic bathrobe modus operandi . i never went back . not very well known but a recorded artist : bass .
because we are not a few . we are many . and we refuse to be ignored . we will be heard . we will rise above . we are strong .
comic books fans have known about him for a while . and this is what did . it created a climate where guys .
we must be honest with ourselves & others : it s not gender that is determinant in truth & justice : it s about character .
i still knew he did it . when i came out of it i threw up on him . i felt so violated and dirty .  /
sexually harassed and abused for  years . he called it  love  .
high school social studies teacher . never told anyone
it was my first job after college . he was at least twenty years my senior and married .
in case you haven t read about the origins of giving credit where it is due . 
you are not alone . the came flooding in and i am so sad . i shared some of my me too moments . there are too .
predators are soulless . has nothing to do race education or economics . they re gross vile vultures . 
grateful to be allies and accomplices together in sharing healing helping
instant  message very sorry that happened to you . so sad .
years to report what happened . keep fighting forward
really never stops . i could spend days writing about this . but i won t . i  have got work to do .
i was so young . my cousin wanted to play a game .
the advocate mag : . tracy e gilchrist joins & dg comedy for our weekly news discussion .
thank you for having our nicole molinaro in the studio today to talk about and the campaign !
does it count as a if a stranger slid into your dms with a emoji ? or just looked at your assets in one kind of way in westfield ?
making fun of a person  s accent in cabinet meetings show cultural incapacity .
the power behind two small words capilano courier  opinions category feed
iceberg . what s showing is just the tip but look under the surface .  far more than what is shown .
it is so heartbreaking seeing all of the posts . mine included .
we are watching a revolution unfold before our very eyes ! painful distressing & vitally important .
it happened to  - and now it  s time to stand up and join the fight .
thank   you for a great conversation & for sharing your own stories . 
 we have our stories and we  reply going to keep telling them .  
if you don 't understand the prevalence of in our society  - spend  minutes reading this 
is bound to fail unless victims name names and society sets standards .  ben shapiro / the daily wire 
is bound to fail unless victims name names and society sets standards | daily wire
doesn t really matter if i am beautiful or ugly . all that is needed is a vagina and two boobs .
seen references to parenting of boys in the context of is there any research evidence linking parent styles to these outcomes ?
. your operator  - ed was brave beautiful and inspiring .
care about survivors ? provide public comment when devos issues new regulations for campuses .
my  2 and ex husband male dbp was never in military for  your  information . & there were  hearings until divorce was final
the thread on twitter has me in tears . i hate the events that  
society is not powerless against this problem . we can take action . we have to . 
] by trying to twist my foot off when my leg was broken to prevent me from getting help ; by slamming
will be just a trend or a tool ? from the past two days social media has become petri dish for
god is with you baby girl and so is stand strong .  
i d take you seriously if wasn t doing a where is waldo in the middle of your march
didn t tell because i knew my mom wouldn t leave him . ( i was right ) 
don 't stay silent . speak up and show your support .
too many times to count and the especially egregious memories are forever seared .
march in hollywood this sunday  - we will no longer be silent amp . html 
one of many reasons . threat of a defamation lawsuit is much less powerful when accusers are telling the truth .
it is possible to be both one does not cancel out the chance of the other . being a survivor does not mean you can  t enact violence .
il voices act cosponsor shares her testimony and why protections are important for dv survivors
then explain why a girl raped me when i was in grade school .
because i deserve to workout without guys talking about parts of my body .
school play . pushed into corner backstage . he forced a lap dance on me which he found hilarious because i sit in a wheelchair .
the taxi driver who insisted i sit in front only to put his hand down my knickers .  while driving
i want to let my twitter family know they are not alone ! i was  .
to drinking beer with him . usually within the same hour . as i got older my boyfriend was in on it too . i d have to do stuff  (  )
. sodomized at age  by an  year old boy i was more puzzled than traumatized later by for giving him i became a victor not victim 
] .  trying to kidnap me in arapahoe county courthouse parking lot by grabbing me as i ran from him ; &
all the posts reassuring others that it counts even if u denied it or tried to convince yrself it wasn t that bad . so yeah me too .
very early in my  2  0 s it was clear to me every one of my close female friends had experienced mild to more .
not everyone has the courage to tell their story . vague is enough for this movement
unfortunately this was initiated after a male in his   s spent nearly an hour following her around the gym let ching at her . 
editorial : reaches sacramento where lawmakers live by different rules 
editorial : reaches sacramento where lawmakers live by different rules  via
her face red she fumbles with her lock because she can t remember the combination . her jaw clenched she prays . she wants to hide .
fortunately the owner had me sit in her office and called the police
floods twitter thanks to alyssa milano 
me too . are you getting a sense of how widespread this problem is ? makes me sick .
keep your hands off our backs and our god damn bodies !  - at the
is no exception when it comes to the and she is a strong of every and man that came out on the open about in 
the latest local blogspot daily news !  thanks to
i denial  of  normal  t remember mary saying in the book . 
i was first assaulted on a crowded sydney suburban train . i was  . since then i  ve been assaulted on numerous occasions . so sadly
i was solicited for a job promotion and turned down the boss . i never received a promotion at kdka  - television in pittsburgh .
me too sister : rape culture and voyeurism by dr . v daughter of sojourner truth harriet tubman queen yaa .
i loved this poster when i saw it cpac a few years ago and it s been at my desk ever since . but things change .
these women . hopefully all the women violated will find the courage to do so
hey shouldn  t julianne  s name have been in that headline and george  s ? it  s the little things y  all .
i mean seriously look at this guy how else could he get laid ?
i  ve had my ass grabbed more times than i  d like to admit . not one of these were welcome !
the voice in your head rationalizing his behavior ? tell it to shut up
could not have said it better mye self thank you for the words i couldn t find 
 it  s about a culture . you can  t think if you take one person out of the mix the story is over . 
not at all surprised of late v have seen heard and experienced so many instances like this with 
the underlying issues of human trafficking and child rape will come full circle with 
the fact that i  have been embarrassed ashamed and reluctant to post or even talk about it to anyone is the reason i should :
the last time it was in the work place . vulgar things said about me by someone in 
please take the time to read this thread 
thank   you for this latest piece in  we  ve found our voices discovered our power . 
- i delayed this cause i didn t want to equate my relatively mild experiences trauma but of course .
i was sick of seeing dirtbag todd harass his fellow classmate
breasts groped on the green line . rubbed by some guys erection on a crowded paris metro . there s two .
the latest the teen & yeah authors daily !  thanks to
holy moley ! persisted heart pendant + charms just blew past  2 k !   days left on this
& campaigns have contributed to a lot of positive discussion says sen .
phil i spoke to a nurse that work d your home in  1  9  9  0 s about what happened to chris . can help .
no but earlier my phone changed me too to mario so some things definitely up
from the police to the church i felt like they made him the victim and i was the perpetrator .
men all the men . what are you going to do next ? how can you contribute to lowering all the experiences ? you cannot stay silent !
want to share your story ? tweet me with the hashtag and what you d like to say .
even if they don 't touch you the things they say the way they look at you what   ever all been there in every industry it s everywhere
so which members are you going to ask to resign first ? because what   ever got a list .  
alyssa milano started following fridays protest .
my heart aches but there is also strength for we are no longer the silent majority .
raise the level of awareness . no one should hide from magnitude of 
thanks for being political champion . here s hamilton s the room where it happened : consent edition : 
the volume of posts all but guaranteed conflict and hurt feelings . how to be more sensitive online .
join us .   .  let the indomitable spirit movement help you find your voice . 
if i  m honest it mort if i e s me that we have to keep doing this . so much resonance with this great piece from 
very interesting segue to undefined risk issue of perpetuated marginalization in los angeles 
a college professor attacked me in his office . we didn t even have a name for it then .
we have a higher standard in this country for a movie producer than we do for the sad !
great piece about the movement . everyone should read it .
from my friend at the how the movement is a big issue in public transit 
it s simple but not easy just like yoga . i fight it every day because i can t leave yet . but is ubiquitous . it s him .
it s not just hollywood or politics . it s everywhere . science . the clinic . continue up and tackle head  - on .
this seem to be limited to western culture nations mostly when entering cultures outside these the red flags raise violate level
. rt crying doesn t indicate you re weak . since birth it s been a sign that you re alive  - charlotte bronte
in nollywood i am sure both new and veteran actresses are probably whispering among themselves .  it s pervasive worldwide
thank you for telling your story too . i still get emotional telling my stories too
in  8 th grade some douche thought it was okay to grab my ass . i slapped him .
my take away from the harvey weinstein contro very ( if you said know via
. alyssa _ milano on  this was about showing that this happens everywhere . that it  s not just hollywood .   
welcome to yes it is a positive sign for sure & i hope it won t end with a
tweet of interest  -  - and the campaigns i came home to last night : 
spent  years trying to heal from at age  & late tee business
i hope we can prevent the next wave with awareness of this epidemic 
a on twitter about weinstein will not do squat in our nations justice system . it s hear say / gossip
have to ask ourselves : will i be blamed ? what about my reputation ? my trauma ? but nothing . he has no consequences .
i  m so disgusted by this parent  over  shoulder !  but yet democrats call him a  hero 
most powerful stories always come from the heart . thanks for sharing yours via
for everyone who has shared their story thank you . i believe you .
for all the  damn girl   - follow  - you  - through  - the  - store gas station runs .
silence in numbers among a powerful community can do a lot of damage 
my hands just . keep . scrolling . keeps appearing . in awe of the bravery and devastated by it s reality .
i love to see this kind of support through times of devastation like this one 
had an interesting conversation with my  year old mother about last night .
 austin powers better educated me on consent than anywhere else .  film starts conversations .
 this fear of losing your career is losing your ability to support yourself your family . is f*****g  real . 
i hesitated before posting this disgusting drivel . but in the spirit of i decided it had to be shared .
after seeing someone definitely unethical jump on to viral outrage this explains it well .  via
ran for ten minutes without being cat  - called ; it  s a new record !
i quit the job . wound up in a maternity home & gave my baby up for adoption .
thanks for giving a voice to survivors everywhere ! i will keep using your coffee .
thank   you . . for sharing my abuse story  this is why i wrote my memoir
do any of these ring a bell with you or ? judge roy moore . emolument s ? and  -  - especially for you mr . mccarthy  -  - dana rohrabacher and vladimir put in and julian assange ?
not giving details but it s definitely been multiple times .
we were already angry not ashamed  - the world just didn  t listen . ( suzanne moore 
-  : you re too pretty to be a preacher . i wish all preachers looked like you . and the like too many times to count .
opinion | why i thought twice before saying 
i see the conversation of people who weren t drinking when it happened but what about those who were . is it still okay ? no !
something else good to come out of the started to have some real looks at myself that may have spurred some resolution dreams .
to help my girls understand what s going on in the headlines w / i combined book w /
everyday someone is telling and it s insulting to those who actually were raped . and you wonder why no one believes most of you   all
where are the folks & feminist outrage for her ? victim has wrong shade ? 
if you are a and you don 't name names you re part of the problem . you re already damaged . don 't let it happen to somebody else . 
i wonder how many college students will be added to because of policies like this ? 
i feel the need  2 b specific here  - the first time i was  & it was a catholic school basketball couch & i just babysat his child   
) i have been taught since i was a little girl that i must constantly be aware of my surroundings .
standing in solidarity with my friends and family . i believe you .
you ve got a problem . and she s called chandan a agarwal . normalizing abuse not done . no . 
i wrote this back in  about an experience i had in middle school . 
i have always looked very young for my age . but i definitely have memories of come on s and catcalls from my early teens . 
been harrassed once during a cat call on michigan avenue the construction site .  guys checking you out at once is creepy .
no it isn t . knows no race gender class orientation age etc .
my hearts crying so hard tonight . i am a survivor and it  s brought up so much grief .
walk in our shoes . we are strong but we have to juggle a lot that you  reply not aware of . i have said it over & over  - not me too .
humbled by the courage of all who have posted we also honor those who choose not to participate .
all who have also had their lives changed by the ways of unkind beings . we are like the lotus climbing through murkin ess to light bloom .
absolutely wrong . sorry that happened to you ! should never happen .
but i don 't want to tell the story on twitter or facebook .
thank you for sharing . i  m so sorry you went through that ! there  s a lot of us .
i was ruffled at an upper east si se preppy bar ( came out of the fog long enough to run away ) and i am a nyt subscriber
to my friends my family and strangers who are posting and tweeting
why matters . this teen already thinks & objectification are okay . goes to the
allegany county family crisis resource center hotline :
williams : simple words that reveal deep pain .
awakened & humbled by the magnitude of the campaign and worry each has a to support the courage it took to disclose
it s just what boys do is not and never will be an acceptable excuse for shitty behaviour . via
it s just what boys do is not and never will be an acceptable excuse for shitty behaviour . va
takes on a different meaning in this fine column . 
i remember paddling up  2 my days destination & hearing  guys loudly talking about what they had in their trunk  2 tie me up with . 
for each one of our sisters that come forward probably  or  all never report & maybe never talk about .
oh definitely so many times so many ways . we didn t forget .
that is a really depressing instant  message sorry it happened to you .
started at age  and ongoing until .  will we ever be safe and truly free ?
me too at school me too at a work place me too . multiple times
and going public often means increased sexualization by colleagues or we are judged or questioned for how we brought it on ourselves
paul ryan on roy moore :  he should step aside . these allegations are credible . 
by a boyfriend who groomed me into thinking no guy would ever want me if i didn t put out then coerced me into it anyways .
a boyfriend slammed me into a wall during a fight . another spit on me  as a joke  . dumb assholes
no offense to but pubs are giving her credit when this welcome  on cam started classy response . 
some survivors can t share their story or still believe it s their fault . 
wnba star cny native breanna stewart reveals she was molested as a child in essay
on friday  at the bargaining table laurent per not chief of staff of the college hushed the president of p fac diana v all era .
i couldn t get in twitter for the past few days and was only on facebook but
for my mother for my wife for my daughter for my sister i stand with all of you .
trauma can occur in different ways . not everyone can be trusted .
alyssa milanos me too hashtag sets social media a light  via
ass ulted but we do live in a world where even seems to think it is okay .
i was  it went on for  mths because i was to listen to my uncle  years later he  s out on parole . it still feels like it was yesterday 
so basically ( many ) republicans don 't care about kids getting murdered or molested .
i was young in a male dominated industry . had no one to turn to for help .
typical piece of shit elizabeth tuesday warren . two versions of the story . all lies . she s the queen of lies .
berklee college of music focus of the boston globe spotlight .
grandma exclusive : actress alyssa milano talks about 
has been a friend & hero on issues for nearly  decades 
several times in my life . i am glad we are survivors . but it is hard .
how old were you when it started ? for me i was  or  & my aunts boyfriend groped me when she was not in the room .
no i denial  of  normal  t remember what i was wearing because that doesn  t matter
riveting resounding and ready for change are the students of richard wright public charter school for .
be careful . these are your neighbors friends family etc . who knows what might happen if you open up
i will find a way to bring dinosaurs back  - feeling determined .
malaysians age11  -  illegal racers public roads ( m at rempit s )  - malaysians die faster gud4 health budget less mouth  2 feed  - gud4 economy
the numbers keep growing . how will the church respond ? 
speaks truth to power  look for the moment when pride becomes contempt 
there are now huge chicks with cellulose and f up as on facebook joining in on the  me too  craze that even drunks wouldn  t touch w  fuck that pole
the casting couch was never a joke it only served to protect the guys and make us look deceitful and petty ( too many times )
missouri v . celia a slave : she killed the white master raping her then claimed self  - defense 
and that s why it took me  years . still working on it ; but feeling less alone now . shouldn t take that .
new web log post : a piece of heaven : reconciliation in the wake of
well spoken and shared ! it  s not easy for us and anyone who stands up for hi ethical standards 
people denial  of  normal  t want to hear .
some things take years to get over but give you strength .
& i notice i find myself thinking about my psych phd mom ( rip  & all the crap she dealt with
 she  s an attractive entrepreneur in all the right ways  thanks for this great read : 
because you said the justice system would listen because you said you would find fairness in the world
she said her boss raped her in a bank vault . her case would make legal history . 
even though i understand i  m still sorry to see so many of you sharing this hashtag
have appreciated molly as a person & as an actress since my  8  0 s teen years growing up in sync with her movies .  and now even more . 
it happens way lot more than you can imagine . we have to wake up . we have to make it stop .
this is true & it hurts . the frustration & pain are overwhelming . our individual acts aren  t enough . 
i was groped at  years old by a family friend . i never told anyone .
skirt flip ups bra snaps crotch brushes butt grabs & rubs . some from strangers some not . felt helpless still have nightmares .
have you ever had your ass grabbed by a random guy in public ?
to those who tell their stories  - and those who don 't ( or can t ) ; i see you . i hear you . i believe you . 
this post made me sad and angry . at the fact that we have to make this assertion in solidarity at all as .
being ceo at disruptive startup doesn t mean you were never harass e but that which doesn t kill you makes you stronger .
to all them grenades from college that waited to make a move when my eyes were rolled to the back of my head .
this is why we we are trained to . & then we get put on the list when all we wanted to do was live . 
the campaign is powerful but does it do enough to fight rape culture ?
the campaign is powerful but does it do enough to fight rape culture ? using the hash t .  via
asked her to go when i had enough she wouldn t even when i left she couldn t leave well enough alone
being told sex isn t a big deal to someone you ve only been on  dates with . um it is to me !
bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet via the application 
bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet
bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet 
ugh gross ! i was  & worked at a famous bakery in brookline m a one of the owners was always doing the same  - that s just him !
annabella sci orra says harvey weinstein raped her . i couldn t even write about my rape in my diary . 
yes this is part of the problem . i don 't understand what you were trying to achieve tonight 
dear society please pay attention .
especially when i said i would fight them and oddly enough for me ? !  it ramped up when headshot saw i was actually bigger than he was
fear of retribution always looms which keeps us from reporting . your anger is taking over your ability for compassion robert .
in our persecuting punishing blaming the survivor or not believing her or him is to be expected especially from 
if victims of declare we give others a sense of the magnitude of this problem .
if victims of declare we give others a sense of the magnitude of this problem too .
this isn  t a place i wish to go but i stand in support .
i didn t know it was abuse until someone told me that wasn t okay . and it wasn t .
our timely new analysis points to big problems with schools and under reporting :
is a wake up call . it s us telling you that it s still not okay even if it s not rape .
i was  told you don 't have to worry about being raped because someone wouldn t even want to do that to you that shit sticks
the last week i  ve been completely glued to both and tweets ! shame & fear no more !
catholic priests and a boss in the company i worked for .  openly lectured on this in sexuality chapter of psychology .
oh my  god !  i can t stop laughing .  our kids must be related ! me too
i just want anyone who sees this to know that if you denial  of  normal  t use that it doesn  t invalidate your experience at all .
sad to see all of the on social media but the truth is what it is . 
i  have been cat called objectified and made to feel like my bod was more important than who i am as a person . 
monica lewinsky tweets [ were you abused or were you the abuser ? 
na cac president reflects on title ix and the role it plays in the college search
amazing video about the power of community and healing
a5 : me also shows the importance and value of learn in strategies for de escalation of emotional flooding
can be about more than just awareness . there are policies lawmakers can pursue at the state level .
.  that s all i can say .  but today that is enough because i know you all will under stand my hurting hear right now
hi what would a digital healing space in light of look like ?
theo speaks the truth i  have known a few boys in my lifetime . 
the endless stream of on my fb timeline is just shocking ! i can never comprehend the pain and trauma of .
show my daughters the respect they should expect by loving my wife well .
sterling is so excited he s giving parts of the home run calls for singles .
i have moved i have dressed differently i have tried to care less . it s always maddening & humiliating . fuck all the harvey s .
the allegations against harvey weinstein  a list 
and here  s the deal . making this all about harvey and gorgeous in gnues diminishes us and ignores the everyday ness of incidents
is the next step of if you missed it this morning listen to the podcast ! 
that s what instant  message angry about . that s what instant  message hoping brings to the forefront .  /
not work . at all . they will not stop they do not change . lock them away from civil society for the remainder of their days .
join stand a new grace chapel grassroots ministry for a free screening of priceless to learn about human trafficking . saturday  in lexington .  be i grace chapel
on dressing modest : i was hit on & followed through cvs when in baggy sweat pants oversized sweatshirt & a hat . don 't blame the victim .
in a club . in a frat house with a close friend . in my own home .
that would be a me too for sure ! i have not the slightest problem with that ; presume it happens . i think it s just not what many are saying .
is rehashing things some people don 't want to think or talk about again
case closed . a former president is now part of the allegations  via
a trusted family friend that was my aunts boyfriend of years ! i never said anything because i was too afraid !
how do we respond to we listen reflect and pray . and this prayer must lead to action .
i was in kindergarten . some older boys held me upside down over a bridge over a river . i had a dress on . they pulled my underwear down
relatable and worth the read for anyone who can  t put into words what means to them 
and we have a long way to go but at least were headed in the right direction . 
yeah when i called campus police i got all end too 
union president publicly harassed . i am no longer teaching an he is still union president .
brace yourselves for the backlash : louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end | jessica valenti 
wonder what happened to the boy in  7 th grade who loudly proclaimed all the obscene gestures he wanted to do to me ?
it is hard enough enduring sexual assaul having a sexual predator in the wh only adds salt to the wound .
for my best friend who was raped and is no longer living .
working on it ain t this the excuse of the century . i went to this same management and they fired me for it .
we seem to be having an important but incomplete conversation about sex abuse . 
god i miss her ! carrie fisher gave predatory producer a cows tongue in a box 
hand smartphone talkin while driving  - a bodoh malaysian motorist bkk9688 die fast less mouth  feed gud4 malaysia economy
had my ass pinched by a company co  - founder at the annual corporate holiday party .
i hate that not only can i write  me too  but my  year old daughter wrote  me too . 
my monsters are loved & respected in the industry  - how many others have they hurt over the years ?
truth to power and to the masses . continue to be heard ladies ! 
if a person is too drunk too consent is unconscious what you  reply doing is
retweeted no one ( because i was told guys can  t be raped . because i felt like i .
powerful comments from a male on a facebook post .
tori amos talks beating the boys club on soul sisters i billboard
last episode basically did a segment at the end . strength as a character moves me to tears .
founder of & her admirable mission  healing : an activist a little girl & origin of
the whole point of is making this more prevalent even though we  ll probably never comprehend how widespread it is .
here s why you re seeing so many posts on social media today :
i have been chased attacked grouped stalked which left me insecure and scared to date .
i was bitten on the ass by a drunk guy at a public beach club in the hamptons in my  2  0 s .
. on what the divide in the democratic party means for it s future + in national security
why are people pushing back against the campaign ?  the forward 
why weren t trump accusers given space to say like actor have been ?
are the statuses as popular in my timeline as they are in other demographics ? when i posted mine the me too  - s in my feed doubled .
as i typed this someone cat called me while i was walking home with groceries .
a staggering thought : i can only read the english stories . still  of the world to go .
oh . so he s just another normal old white guy .
started  years ago by tara na burke 
 gad fcs leader to run usa largest foster care on heels of
why hasn  t president trump spoken about because he has done it himself .
i was  years old . another camper grabbed my chest and called me names and didn  t stop when i asked him to .
.  monica lewinsky tweets clinton accuser juanita broaddrick slams her 
monica lewinsky tweets clinton accuser juanita broaddrick slams her 
an important thread to read on and the need to take : 
was peewee s demise started at the hands of hollywood harvey ? live on rebel 
 do not mock a pain you have not felt .  expressing vulnerability is not easy keep this in mind .
how black women are always put in the shade when white women speak up . 
i deleted my first tweet . this one will stay .  it  s a hard topic but needs to be addressed . 
just because we denial  of  normal  t talk about it doesn  t mean it didn  t happen
i denial  of  normal  t talk about it but that doesn  t mean it didn  t happen
we believe you and we respect your silence . stay strong .
i finally figured out why no one knows louis ck  s last name .
yes unfortunately this behavior is pervasive in all segments of our male dominated society .
tears are spilling out of my eyes and they can  t stop because this is real painful and shouldn  t be ignored .
and when you  reply ready i will be here to support you ! love you my friend !
meredith stone writes an excellent piece on  me too .   - voices : calls us to repentance | baptist standard 
we are w .  hear us roar ! welcome to  bitches ! well not be silent & ashamed any longer ! 
love to those sharing their pain with it s infuriating to have to keep tearing ourselves open like this .
i d never heard that expression before . ever since whenever i hear it it makes me feel sick .
he was the golden boy . i trusted him respected him and confided in him . now the nightmares are starting . 
i understand the insurmountable urge to put up the post but would perpetrators care how many and who are .
when you are young naive and expect that a doctor should be a trusted professional .
instant  message just going to keep sharing these . because 
so it s been a heavy week . maybe this can help a little . take care of yourself and each other . 
molestation catcalling stalking eve teasing sexist remark .  how many ? i have lost the count !
he came an interrogated me during lunch break . an hour in the nuns sitting room while the priest asked me every intimate detail
an important read : how people are saying around the world
louis c . k . roy moore and how america is reacting to thursdays news cycle was a 
dear abusers & assaulter s you can t threaten me you cannot hide i am not afraid of you i will out you .
that ex nice job lawmaker who bill o reilly is suing ? he has a gofundme now > >
 why are we not addressing this as a society ?  ellen page my hero . 
dear daddy i ll be born a girl . please do everything you can so that that won  t stay the greatest danger of all 
if you are one of the or otherwise please ask yourself what can you do to not let this happen to somebody you love or another human
it took me from  years old to  to finally speak up about being abused by stepfather . 
because it is difficult in the first place to even realize that you have been abused in any form .
coming up  am pdt on we interview reply : her bill listen here :
then one of them came up and put his arms around our shoulders then went dead weight to try and pull us down .
in for or was for u not to report such hey niou s crime i put it to u what have done now u defamed mr jordan !
hollywood  s brightest join the   - year  - old movement but will that change anything ?
worked at a toy store at  . managers come up behind us females in the storeroom to grab what they could . paired up there after .
my first job as a teen hire her she is cute said a manager who walked in on my interview
seeing all of the posts in my news feed is heartbreaking !  
i don 't believe there is not a woman that isn t applicable for .  that being said not everyone is obligated to share their stories
first when i was  the babysitters brother in law . then  teachers and a coach . and almost every boss i have ever had . just stop .
we need to keep talking about this and humor is a great way to do it .
me too at  by a man and later by a woman . men are also sexually assaulted ! 
all the tweets on my timeline make the individual suffering lesser but make the collective sorrow bigger .
is still inaccessible to all those wide no . of father ( like figures ) raping daughter cases . how do you propose to solve that ? !
one year ago . which is when should have started . unless of course running a studio is more important than running for president . 
here s my vow : i vow never to misuse sex . i vow to abstain from wrongful misconduct done in lust . i vow to call out all predators .
because it can happen when you least expect it when you re vulnerable and it stays with you forever .
both devastating and empowering reading twitter tonight . i can sadly say
in  there was a shooting at a church in fuck that . collins my husband said  that could of been us .  if someone says this call  
he went to jail for attempted murder and this is only the most recent case . all through my childhood .
tara na urges un to link struggles of women in the us with women everywhere .
when my sister posted it as well that broke my heart a little .
 our voices individually actually matter .  just mentioned impact of  we will not accept [ injustice ] anymore . 
i usually type  same  on quote tweets to be funny . not the case here . same . 
it happens in many forms from many sources . none of it is okay . i see you all . i respect your courage .
people share stories on social media
days later my grandma sent me to the same store to buy cheese and bread
not doing a because some days i just don 't feel like getting into it . but yeah .
a family member . an advisor . a colleague . a date . a stranger . and more . every year more .
even if you only count things that happened to me in adulthood stay strong out there
since  everyone knew so this decision took  years ? photographer has been from top magazines after allegations from 
and how many of us in the lgbt community can write  me too  for the bullying and homophobia we have faced in our lives ?
patriot support : please rt . has become a target because as a patriot she has the courage to speak out . 
the manager at the pizza shop i worked at asked me to hand him the pizza paddle so he could smack my ass with it . 
some tough decisions are worth taking if not for yourself for others . and don 't let the abuser run away with it .
now . were w / for updates on & recent revelations out of the state house . tune in :
because i don 't talk about . because i didn t think this could happen to me . because it s happened to those i love .
who is making decisions n your community response to human violence ? prevention s ? 
follow and steel yourself . i ll eventually weigh in but my first experience was in grade  . most recent last week .  year streak .
why you  reply seeing on friends  social media pages  cnet
. is an accused rapist . his thoughts on shouldn t be worthy of anyone s attention except swedish prosecutors . 
do you believe that sharing your story will help others or would you rather keep it to yourself ?
wi owe ya najin win on fb : me too said mother earth .
whoa : did monica lewinsky just smack bill clinton with her tweet ?  via
i find it hard to think of a female friend this wouldn t  apply to .
thank you for being brave and for saying things that need to be said .
survivors march to take place in hollywood
. survivors march to take place in hollywood
this touching letter shows the resilience and strength of this survivor .
the fact that i have to ask myself are you sure that really happened ? did you just make it up ?
by a former boss . by a boyfriend . by a friend . by complete strangers . 
and it took me years to realize that the things that happened to me were wrong .
quick reminder that nobody gets points for not assaulting another human .
i want you to know that you are not alone . if you need to talk i am here . deathmatch me . we are in this together .
world has got to change even boys are harassed too .
anita hill founder and actress will all be with us live 
i wish i d spoken up  - what are your feelings concerning how can we bring humanity closer together ?
please lord protect my children from saying don 't let them repeat my past .
i offer to you six easy rules to not be a complete dung castle with a shit stained flag flying high in the near future : 
the responses to this thread are eye opening disturbing and infuriating . 
what we  reply talking about today has been a problem for millennia . think about that .
for everyone that shared and those who can take strength from the conversation .
as i read all the stories i can t help but think of how it liberates some yet reply  - traumatize s others .
my family is no help in my regard as most are empty vessels ready for departure or in  - lee with the devil making it worse .
my boss tried to molest me within the first week on the job . i told him to never do it again .
some things are so common that you forget that they are horrible and shouldn  t normally be happening to you
i felt like if i ever spoke about it my head would explode and volcanic ash would cover the earth .
thread in order for us to be given any kind of justice
twice as a child at least once as a college student .
just left taping for w / & by far my favorite episode about and an eye out !
and especially around happy hour on the hill . or whenever storm thurmond was in the building
former writer speaks after trump controversy : we cannot be silent anymore 
because if we don 't talk about the hard things they will keep on happening .
just this weekend a drunken ( married ) groomsman swiped my ass when he walked past me .
he looked down my top as i was loading pop at the store . he grabbed my boobs in the check out lane
i can no longer keep silent : colonel mustard . in the living room . with the candlestick .
i don 't need to tell my story . it is like so many others . thanks to all for sharing
days after started america comes out . that s how difficult this is . 
i believe you thank you for sharing your powerful story .
i was  he was my best friend  s brother  - in  - law i was  and he was my boss i was  and he was our mailman
laughing  out loud .  no one said guess you went willing .
alyssa milano elevates harvey weinstein conversation
me too : alyssa milano elevates harvey weinstein conversation 
some reflections on trying to recognize my role in being complicit aggressor and wanting to reconcile :
aftershocks in pakistan : sindh minister takes notice of students alleged at jam shoro university
hey ! make real robin wright the lead of houseofcards now ? america is ready for it !
bravo anita hill my own pain surfaced watching you
adding but still at the hands of males . different outlet but same root cause .
because it s not fair to live in fear because you can t control your gender or body style .
my brave friend deborah ! thank you for sharing . i  have had one off encounters but nothing like this . 
who has posted you are strong you are powerful i  m sorry this world is cruel .
let s b  those coming  4 ward . let their b heard . we can chg lives  the better by standing up
for far too long and it started when i was way too young
women everywhere have been quiet long enough . this is about women being * heard  * * believed  * vindicated 
my son is  . they are children . easily manipulated especially by those they worship . do not blame this child .
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win with me too hand sign t  - shirt on amazon . 
to everyone continuing to share stories : we see you . we believe you . were with you .
state dept  cover up worse than the crime  ? * * boom  * rt 
louis ck roy moore and how america is reacting to  -  via
we live in a country that rationalized empowering the villain of multiple testimonies . what is wrong with us ?
now he got away with it you   all because remember he s a good man and i was a
i was sexually harassed at work a few years ago & never said anything because i didn t think it counted . ( u inspire me ) 
just walking the dog and a trucker has to beep at me ! shaking  my  head everyday !
olympic gymnast says she was molested by team doctor for years
just in gorka reveals this massive white house shake up will happen soon
your high opinion of yourself comes across as disingenuous and reeks of insecurity and self  - loathing . do better .
read the replie support the victims for their courage to come forward . 
louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end | jessica valenti | opinion | the guardian 
. is amazing  - how she can write fiction about this  - is incredible . well done . x if half of the contingent could we d all be millionaires 
that silence is exactly what abusers are counting on . they can  t count on it anymore .  - 
because i wake up to their faces and fall asleep to music to tune it out
i don 't believe you have to share your story if you don 't want to . you are still important .
almost felt too embarrassed or dramatic to say but that s part of the problem . let s do something to change that .
- hey ! aren t you wearing any panties ? !  i was on stage in my character . i was humiliated . i dropped out of the play .
being afraid to tell at the young age of  still to this day .
just the beginning of being aware of rights as an employee & human being
just the beginning of being aware of rights as an employee ? a human being ?
lesley a gams : official pushed me on  hotel bed & grabbed at my belt 
the first step is to acknowledge and recognize the origins of but we should also be asking why is labor of welcome  on cam erased ?
there are .  members of congress [ with ] reputations for untoward behavior .  they re scared to death in environ 
sadly that s what happens when u r raped as a child  - u sick bastard
as i  have yet  meet a who hasn t ! in solidarity who ve experienced any form of & those who r raising
we are seeing strength in numbers that comes from accumulated individual experiences  - on
great article ! weinstein and how long do have to put up with this ?
what  the heck ? did major league baseball offices miss the memo when they rolled george h . w . bush out for tonight s opening pitch ?
they were a boyfriend . after he said you got what you wanted . i punched him but it didn t matter at that point .
it took me a while to realize it wasn t okay and i could say something so yeah
fighting  survival w / more lies & denials while yelling concerns  your kids is low & sleazy !
i chose not to pursue a position at a top university because the pi had a reputation and i was scared 
watch : monica tweets & in apparent bill clinton reference 
watch : monica tweets  in apparent bill clinton reference .
i haven  t been a victim but i post this in support of the movement & the other unnamed of the world
all so true . i didn t post in detail with because my assailant ( s ) and i have many mutual friends . thanks for sharing 
women shouldn t need to learn how to defend themselves men should learn how to become real men !
in your position you could push studios to create independent board that oversees industry with and
said she was molested for years by usa gymnastics team doctor
the australian senate unanimously supported motion to eliminate sexism and misogyny from society .
gave cow tongue to producer ~ because she was totally amazing like that . 
after seeing a tweet by someone very unethical in real life . explains this well .
i denial  of  normal  t think i  ll ever tell my story but .
1 stop  that year teaching . he was sneaky & charming . no words just subtle hands . my husband became my bodyguard but what if i was single ?
i don 't even want to talk about it so many experiences but yes many man all through my  years of life but here we are
so sorry for this experience . but nothing like what face in this country . 
 very sick ! come on y  all she knows everything that goes on in & she covered  4 him
how to solve the harvey weinstein problem : the daily show via
first now coming to congress . when you live on a moral high horse eventually the chickens come home .
in areas where boys took part in classes incidence of rape dropped by  5  0 pc . second needs to be funded now 
percent of all facebook users in u . s . have posted a status . nearly half .
 multiple university professors and teaching assistants at several schools
]  2 and set tweets on topic : those  hearings were in  counties &  different courtrooms as dbp tried chaos
another line seemed off .  asking them to look at your di * * isn t a question . it s a predicament .  or it s fu**ed  up ! 
everyone in hollywood knew about weinstein and said nothing .
i was  and i thought that was bad . then my friend told me she was  when it first happened to her .
i denial  of  normal  t think this will ever go away . 
i struggled with publicly posting . so i made myself do it because that s the point . it shouldn t be my shame . it wasn t my fault .
from my friend suzanne ballantyne please read .  guys are rarely [ never ? although i  have told my .
i  have been raped but it was no big deal compared to three other things that have been done to me .
exactly why matters . com  higher learning with zelda speaks mondays  
trump triggers pain and his followers are deplorable but the silent ones who compartment alize are those who have hurt me the most .
as i read all the posts i keep thinking there is something we as christians must do !
between day and the hashtag i want to share some things (
i  ve been to bars and to a college frat party . i  ve walked down a street . i  ve worn jeans . so yeah
quick dunk info  set on looks at in issues of
a from a member of the is surprised ? seriously ? kudos to opening the dialogue .  
as a hospital chaplain . it actually turned into a positive and supportive situation with my boss and colleagues .
i am always been sexually harassed by the people who support you know
oh that s easy . deanna troi . she helped me through a difficult childhood
no i didn  t ask for you to come up and grope me while i was waiting for the pedestrian light to turn at the cross walk .
mark sent tom notes that kelly gave bill .
next saturday . looking to find a place to put your energy around stopping start here . 
. to her tapioca  - wrinkled body lifetime unlimited access granted by crooked in the dark no bathing suits or pictures to for  m donation
to her tapioca  - wrinkled body lifetime unlimited access granted by crooked in the dark no bathing suits or pictures to for  m donation
if you can say then talk to nabs : what to do if you work in advertising & feel sexually harassed  via
nothing like a little ass grabbin on the hill to distract from what s in the basement ! how many kids can t say 
plus their discussion included completely inappropriate to intrude .
apparently being a deacon at the church somehow made him not accountable for his actions and it made him immune to any repercussions .
in  case you missed  it own anita hill was on town hall last night . 
how do i teach my daughter how to successfully negotiate systemic misogyny and institutional sexism ?
i wish twitter had a dislike button feels wrong to tweets .
alyssa milano elevates harvey conversation  - abc news  - via
any city can benefit from this quick dunk info  set on
i was sexually harassed when i was  during a modelling casting . today as a md i help the victims
also stop with the i have a daughter response . you shouldn t have to have a daughter sister etc . to see that women are humans .
church leader as a kid coworkers allergy doctor .
i was going back and forth debating whether or not my experiences were bad enough to warrant a tweet .
the latest the arts culture society daily !  thanks to
: what does it mean to raise children when the president models vulgarity in public ?
i wrote my piece for speech about my experiences . not just for me but for everyone that  s ever been through it . you aren  t alone
- starting with being cat called while walking with my mother . i was  . she was  . they were shouting at us both .
yep . how can this possibly be a surprise to anyone who hasn  t been living under a rock since the eisenhower years . sigh
hollywood is not the only place where function . nda s mous loyalty oaths and unity covenants .  what things does the public not understand about 
 if you see a post and your first thought is  no way  you are the problem . 
my moment on wordpress tied into student web log  - writing assignment . 
all i can say is this is an important read from one of my nearest and dearest and i hope we all start talking more . 
long before was doing the work . my latest for 
watching this weeks poor joins if she hadn  t already . guests were so inappropriate
for so many reasons but most frequently for being asian american also  known as the most fetishized race in america
was so pervasive my entire monday should  ve come with a trigger warning . 
i was  he was  i was  he was  lbs i was alone he let his friends see i told no one i remained a victim now a victor
half the hashtags are from outside the united states !
do you work for has anything like this ever happened to you ? it s not okay and you don 't have to put up with it . we can help : or deathmatch us 
just imagine if hashtags became be the new superheroes helping us clean up the streets 
we are going to talk about this & campaign on social media 
the advocate mag : the evidence is overwhelming said one law enforcement source . 
in light of how can we protect ourselves a little better ? these apps are a start . 
sharing took immense courage . you  reply not alone .
so denial  of  normal  t really want to hear about
retweeted cbc toronto ( torontonians add their tweets to raising thorny issues concerning .
tonight as we hosted the  3  1 stop  that annual t btn vigil & match was providing a forum to raise awareness impact & solidarity .
up late cannot stop thinking of and my personal pain during under gra school and being scared of being somewhere new next year .
important to remember that can t and are not saying on social media
the latest the black tweets daily !  thanks to
i respect everyone that felt safe and strong enough to say
following a in your car & making unwelcome comments about their body is &
wow just wow ! i  m in tear by these words everything you just said is so right and it now time that we make this change !
so for them ( and for myself as someone who used to be one of them ) i say and ask that you join me in doing something about it .
i have a question i am feminist while masturbating with pen & during the course it broke & ink leaked inside . is that harmful ?
the supreme court ruled marriage or gay marriage legit a mate in an act of aimed at an entire nation
all states benefit from this quick dunk info  set on
as a male i can  t say i can however proudly say nothing but respect for your strength and courage .
after scrolling through posts about started making a list of her experiences .
says if you re looking for the future a man can give you you re looking for the future not the man . women objectify constantly .
decades too late for anita hill but at least it  s happening 
shared this because being a female in this culture is brutal .  march in hollywood  via
united states . europe . middle east . india . with makeup . without makeup . with hijab . without hijab . teen years . adulthood .
sick beyond words but proud it s trending .
in college some guy on street grabs my boob so i grabbed his hood & he spit in my face . i knocked him out punch to much applause .
olympic champ gymnast tells of by monster gold medalist
because it took way too long for me to be brave enough to say these things
everything eventually comes to the light . not surprised by all the some sick individuals are lurking !
it s not easy to say . harder knowing it s there forever . but it matters .
a conservative comedian just made a sexist  joke  amid and quickly paid for it  via
how is this acceptable given the horror ? quite a double standard ! where is the accountability for ellen ? 
like most of my fellow females i could fill a book with all of the incidents and uncomfortable .
so yeah . but there was and still is no point in telling bcs this body mine was built for sale 
i had this guy in don 't c are when we were having lunch and he disappeared when the check came  - went to the bathroom
by a frat boy by a a quaint ance at a party and by my first serious boyfriend . it s not always a stranger in an alley .
i really never thought it could be me but it was . and continually is . and i didn t tell anyone it happened because i didn t believe it did
apparently saying cheapens what real victims of sexual harassment endure because most of us using it endure much less if any at all .
out of  black girls are sexually assaulted by the time they are  years old . is denied to poor black g  
in middle school . high school . college . grad school . professor . department head .
i made a huge scene . it was embarrassing but worth it . hell never try to do anything to a stranger at an airport again .
is needed disgusts me as a father a brother a son a human .
creepy just outside in  when i was  months pregnant & vulnerable . was  stunned to scream . 
i wish i could say never again but i am pretty fucking sure that is not true .
i denial  of  normal  t really want   to talk about it but
this piece by shines light on from all directions illuminating many gray areas and casting shadows . nothing is black and white .  via
beauty mark : film review  via this magnificent movie moved me i m mes ur ably .
we shouldn t have to bring up painful potentially traumatizing memories to be taken seriously .
to survivors saying & those not yet read enough to say something we believe & are here for you .
has me thinking of all of the subconscious ways i try to stay safe .
our culture has a long way to go before is the exception not the rule 
when i was about  i went to a reel big fish concert and a girl grabbed my ass .
standing with my sisters in solidarity to bring awareness .
the university erred in letting him have access to me & where i lived . he was found guilty  2 x on  separate occasions .
stand your ground has historically not applied to black people especially black women . 
n & o  george h . w . bush offers a second apology in groping incident .
.  i was too scared to open up all this with a therapist . feels impossible to unpick it all . but it haunts me . so yeah fuck wit .
to the ones who aren  t ready to share their story you are not alone . when you are ready we are all here to support you .
harry dreyfuss son of richard dreyfuss alleges kevin spacey groping incident 
the outrage you had the first time you read this in should be  of the outrage you have each time it happens in real life 
his mom and my mom were best friends . when we finally got the confidence to bring it up to his mom she started buying me gifts .
has  be talked about on social   media  -  . anyone who thinks relational aggression bullying is airing  1 s dirty laundry then is dirty laundry
uh pretty sure using the campaign to sell your own books is missing the point . like other planet missing the point .
i learned in dance that some things make you uncomfortable . the posts should make you feel uncomfortable . they should inspire change !
i was in college a friend pinned me to the floor pulled at my clothes and stuck his tongue down my throat . friends pulled him off
the mother of a young man who understands the same and to be the mother of a young woman who knows that she has power .
mom taught me that to get respect you must show respect love and respect to all women
my  1 stop  that memory of is also my  1 stop  that memory . i was  months old . i had blonde curls & soft skin . my father took me up to his room
same in the uk . very rarely if ever reports false . very few of actual crimes are ever reported of those that are v few result in convictions 
reminder that just a few weeks ago people were sharing their stories . reminder that these stories don 't stop 
a result of unwanted sexual attraction is fear and fear does far too much damage to all of us . jesus made women leaders and equals
enough messing around . now that we have all me too d when are we going to get together change laws and sentencing reform for sexual assault ? how about we start with sentencing then logical laws and reform statute of limitations . anyone ?
and this is another reason why we need a proper informed sex education programme in irish education system that includes 
.  horrible that it applies to myself both of my sisters and my mom .  but when it applies to my daughter ? enough . seriously . enough . 
it  s not just powerful men who get away with sexual assaults  it  s powerful companies . boycott 
time  retire important but no call  action . new #  real action real consequences real time . anyone ?
i later found out that he hadn t stopped abusing because abusers don 't stop abusing  - he just moved on to other victims
really love that the french version of is and that the french are doing more than tweeting . 
so moved by the courage of women s posts . praying they lead  men realizing they ve harass e
at this rate the list of us going to be shorter than the list .  what  the  fuck how do all these women who are so high up all endure this ?
. call us by our names . not  love  or  sweetheart  . abusers rarely use our names . denial  of  normal  t diminish our personhood .
this women in one of my french expat groups was wondering if / sexual harassment was more of an american problem than french one .
instant  message a but i don 't necessarily sense it . doc in our docs practice was a pedophile fbi got for rape . didn t sense it . most didn t .
with the fire activity i  m late to post on this . while there are a lot of good men out there there is still a long way to go . yes
men have a million ways of  keeping us in our place .  sometimes it s out of insensitivity sometimes misogyny sometimes fear .
in the early  7  0 s we put up with blatant harassment because boys will be boys . i was  years old and had no voice and no support .
i don't know about good man . no angel an imperfect man & a survivor _ who works on being a good man every day .
 we pay for it every day .  it  being to simply live . we pay for it .  powerful stuff via
before we took  control  . before it was  rhythm nation  . before the she created  velvet rope  . in <  2  4 hours !
3 novices : bill o reilly files defamation lawsuit against former politician o reilly s lawsuit claims that th 
so very sad to see so many . even more sad that some are afraid to even say so . i feel for the men that live in unspoken isolation
important ! when an abuser is older stronger  - don 't shame & punish the victim . punish the abuser !
in thinking through what means to me it got me thinking how many times i  ve minimized the harassment i  ve received .
i will take all offered virtual hugs & perhaps physical hugs as well should the opportunity arises ; ask first .
this does not include the thousands of times i  have been sexually assaulted . thousands . one is in prison . one .
women s sexual harassment debate at the european parliament 
how many men are reading these stories not realizing them or their friend is the reason for it ? do better . your silence is deafening
childhood molestation : when did protecting the perpetrator become more important than protecting the child ? 
i hate fall because i met a guy on  who later assaulted me on  but the smell of fall leaves reminds me of him .
i was forcibly kissed + touched by a sports editor in  . i was about to switch jobs so i never told my editor . i regret that .
groping another female teen clerk ignoring her pleas to let her go . thankfully a male teen employee stepped in to rescue her .
i sent all of the police reports fbi reports department of justice reports to nbc before . scosche industries are serious criminals !
because i  m not just scared i  m justified and passionate and i  m scared to touch people or ask for a hug when i most need one
we men must do better . too many on my feed . we can no must do better ! all women deserve our best effort .
i was sexually harassed at  by my  year old boss in a remote summer camp . my then  - boyfriend sided with my boss and defended him .
no matter how long ago it was the memories remain . let  s make sure no one else has those memories . 
instant  message concerned that no one is talking about victor salvo when talking about shutting it down . he s making films & abused a  year old
agreed ! nobody should ever want to own me too .  hopefully those with a platform will create larger platform in the struggle . thx tb
this song my father song to me as a child after we saw the play carousel now must be our community anthem
this is so gross . this is the rape culture were talking about . this culture is where weinstein thrived where all women must say 
women to men . men to women . women to women . men to men . this happens daily . human to human . it needs to stop .
women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment 
women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment  via
women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment
too often certain men act differently at than they would dare act at home .  unacceptable ! 
how is it possible that both are true :  ) men are stunned by  ) men know that other men harass women enough that this is a trope ?
i  have been so overcome reading we  knew because were women but reading so . fucking . many . posts was .  sigh . no more normalizing . ever .
great operator  - ed by campaign proves scope of sexual harassment flaw in may i m bialik s operator  - ed 
rt olusegun med up in rt together 4 girls from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse  -  via huff 
consistently baffled and horrified at the level of sexual violence and harassment visited up on women in forms traumatic and mundane
thank you thank you for recognizing that sexual harassment and abuse are not just a woman  s problem .
i still feel unconfortable with on fb despite it affecting me . maybe it  s because i  m friends with my parents on fb and not twitter .
where to begin : school work social events sidewalk internet hands on hands off or what ?
so .   years later people are doing something about it ?  my experience was wiped under the rug but only  people knew .  so all these people knew & did nothing ? !  
the wave after wave of allegations personal testimonies anecdotes [ & fatal  error confessions ] of sexual assault in the news + the campaign
wow so many women have come forward saying we are proud at of each woman who has come forward about
courage is what it takes to stand up and speak ; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen ( winston churchill )
trump has  sexual harassment settlements . these liars popped up the month before the election & disappeared week of the election . 
legislation : men to be fined on the spot for wolf  - whistling women under strict new harassment laws in france :
one time at a bar a guy hit on me and i politely said i have a boyfriend . he responded you wouldn t be wearing that if you had a boyfriend .
today . went to loved the beer . went back later in the afternoon to purchase a  pack to take home .
in  women have been victims of sexual assault perpetrated in vast majority by non  - native men .
rt rt the latest yes instant  message a little sensitive ! 
true she did single out women but she did not say men were to be excluded and i was pleased to see men in the mix i have seen men
our rethink masculinity leaders in on what men can do about sexual harassment & assault > > 
women out there i am looking for data on sexual harassment  - what was there before how could we grasp .
i can t put my finger on it but it s bothering me how men are co opting to talk about themselves . oh wait okay i put my finger on it .
every unwanted sexual advance overt or not counts as harassment . women not open targets !
the oppression of women by men in all it s forms  - discrimination harassment assault murder  - is the darkest stain on our society
rt women in film to launch sexual harassment hotline | deadline 
rt women in film to launch sexual harassment hotline | 
highlights the disturbing prevalence of sexual harassment and assault
first time when i was  again in my  2  0 s but nobody gave a shit then and nobody gives a shit now because lm the wrong sex .
headshot economics teacher at my first job after college my first year as a high school teacher when i was pregnant and on and on .
monica lewinsky tweets monica lewinsky raised eyebrows over the weekend when she tweeted the 
one on hand my news feed is filled with stories  - and on the other hand this is what s trending on
myself my mother and all three of my sisters are victims all at different times and different perpetrators .
every time a feminist makes me feel like a scumbag because i  m a man and not because i did something wrong ! being a man is not wrong !
my turn : .  why baby boomer women ignored sexual harassment 
my turn : .  why baby boomer women ignored sexual harassment via
double whammy : when your has been both sexual harassment and racial discrimination ! one a man . one a woman .
rose mcgowan : my silence on sexual assault and harassment is over 
thousands take to the streets of france against sexual harassment  - france  via
from top down we see little accountability from oval office to the principals office to police station to courthouse .
what s sad ? that weinstein did what he did for so long .  and people wanted to lock up clinton ? .  that s what s sad .
just because women who come out about sexual assault are brave doesn t mean you are weak if you don 't !  
i feel deep for the and as it feels like a moment of building trust when trust is so corroded . 
over one  - third of men report perpetrating sexual assault when hooked up to a fake lie detector .  -
confusion is when you slut  - shame to criticize slut  - shaming . what no one is confused by is the rampant bipartisan misogyny .
sexual assault is traumatizing . women should not have to sacrifice their emotional privacy in order for this issue to have validity
if there is a woman out there who hasn  t experienced some sort of sexual harassment or intimidation she  s v . fortunate 
not to joke about please paul lander he chocked her threw her out of the car . being locked in a car brings back horror memories .
please call attention to state by state rape backlog of forensic evidence waiting to be tested 
becomes anti  - sexual harassment and assault rallying cry
it  ll be our time one day baby  - fight the good fight and we will come out on top . 
thanks for sharing . it s been important for me to remember how important forgiveness is especially as i feel bitter as i remember 
big shocker . they ve always said hiring & promoting only men protects women from sexual harassment . another circular logic excuse .
psst listening to the bomm pod reply harvey weinstein : you  reply not naive  you  reply privileged . ask women around you or read
no human being has the right to put their hands on another human being without their consent . she wasn t asking for it . i promise . 
women worldwide use hashtag against sexual harassment 
how can the quantity of stories really be surprising ? bragged about his sexual assault on tape .
for all the women that have as their status talk sexual harassment in tech 
i was told i had no place as a music major because a woman s place is in the home .
sexual harassment : no laughing matter especially for women with limited finances 
saw this early today .  saw u on television as a former victim we stop remaining only me can fix me w / 
sexual abuse is a form of power abuse and in a society defined by power there is no winner . we are all victims .
twice in college i drank to great excess & ended up having sex i don 't remember with men i wouldn t have chosen .
shared her story .  and the result was became supreme can 't  talk . justice & she was shamed back to oklahoma . just   saying
denial  of  normal  t get raped ? reframe your thought : denial  of  normal  t rape .
r i lawmakers share revelations of sexual assault harassment ( via prov journal ) 
r i lawmakers share revelations of sexual assault harassment 
oh my  god i can now see why during my nde god told me to make my movie . this is astounding . we have an epidemic .
to all those participating in the thank you for your bravery and strength . to the men reading this we must call out this misogyny .
to all my sisters who have suffered through sexual assault & harassment let  s shout from the rooftops .  no more !
when i filed a sexual harassment complaint against my supervisor in headshot and they just promoted him to a dif . division .
been chased around hotel room by a man who picked you up for a job interview & insisted on seeing you safely to your room .
sexual harassment and assault isn t unique to hollywood . it starts in our schools : by
becomes rallying cry against sexual harassment and assault 
becomes rallying cry against sexual harassment and assault
instant  message a in instant  message a woman in unwanted advances are exactly that .  unwanted .
one of the most honest pieces of writing i  have ever read . ashamed to say i felt ashamed to admit it 
how much time do women spend dealing with men  s bullshit ? on podcast :
i have typed and deleted several attempts at sharing my stories .  for now i will just say and send love to all the brave people sharing
rape as cost of business . what else binds and gags victims in and might want to read to the end on spectrum risks .  nda s . mous . loyalty oath . unity covenant .
of active duty women experienced unwanted sexual contact in  . ( rainn )
or  wearing a halter top . man at the top of the escalator grabbed my breast . other adults watched but nobody did anything .
i was  raped by my ex  - husband then i was  raped by my ex  - boyfriend . told that i deserved it
i hope more athletes like will join  - it let  s all of us know that it wasn  t our fault and there  s hope for a great life
i am  of  take a stand against any type of violence against women . 
campaign proves may i m bialik s flaws in sexual harassment operator  - ed
campaign proves scope of sexual harassment flaw in may i m bialik s operator  - ed 
today  s friday . it  s been a week of declarations . and a week of me writing and reply  - writing reading + reply  - reading a post about this .
is trending across the globe with women sharing tales of sexual abuse
if you ve experienced sexual harassment or assault there is a national hotline . 
at  on the campaign and the messages it sends to women men and kids . tune in :
singer tells her story of sexual harassment without naming as the perpetrator 
silence is complicity . apply this conversation to the conversation and see how different it all looks . but it s no different .
bjrk joins movement accuses danish director of sexual harassment  - 
great story about on by conclusion : more women in leadership positions . and men to not be perverts .
following that when stops trending sexual assault & harassment will still exist . a partnership with and
women must love being overpowered because they all love  shades . ugh ! where to start ? most of us have never even read that book ! 
sexual harassment and assault have no borders . they are everywhere even at highest levels of leadership and policy making . 
so based on the twitter apparently everyone has been molested . why am i inadequate & what  s wrong with me because i wasn  t molested ?
the same white feminism that is tweeting is the same form of feminism that elected el groper in chief
women accuse former state lawmaker of harassment assault .   via
kids will be kids : remember that when your  year  old gets on the bus and a  year  old slides into the seat and says  let  s have sex . 
rally in downtown vancouver highlights issue of sexual assault and harassment 
why is it on women to disclose ? why aren  t men admitting or do we really have to carry all your f ing water ?
sexual harassment : gay actors speak openly  - |
campaign sparks rallies against sexual harassment across france 
epidemic : america s trade in child rape  has a chapter on child sex abuse in the
women are reminding the world what they looked like at  . they were innocent . immature . not unable to consent to sexual relations they say . 
the real meaning of the hashtag about sexual assault and harassment  quartz
ocr cc hopes campaign increases sexual assault awareness 
georgia state university student ? can relate to access   - hour georgia state university student victim assistance
& i wonder how many gals think oh it wasn t that bad or oh mine doesn t count  - it was & it does .
should i name  bosses who raped me ? should i name the cornell professor who raped me ? should i name the women i told who ignored me ?
: if u want  2 b successful u need to make me feel warm & fuzzy towards u my male boss said as he blocked door to my office .
women accusing steven seagal of inappropriate behavior sexual harrassment  via
sexual consent between  to 15 years ? an aberration when we know that the maturity of an individual comes much later !  these are we are talking about here ! from the protection of minors we pass to the protection of
now three separate complaints against professor tariq ramadan ranging from sexual harassment to rape 
if you re participating in and interested in sharing your story with me for please get in touch . hugs and  kisses
to all women who have faced sexual harassment just want to say that don 't worry . u r not alone . we r with & always be with u .
years worth of sexual harassment and assault stores  why do you think i dislike so many incumbent gop ? 
how much time could women reclaim if they didn t have to deal with men  s bullshit ? on podcast
the movie industry is finally waking up to the movement just wait until the music industry wakes up
for some sexual assault stories trigger trauma not empowerment :
for some sexual assault stories trigger trauma not empowerment
is a space for women only to share their stories or are men also allowed to jump in on it ? because if they are then
which celebrities would you be surprised or not so surprised to see exposed in the scandal ? here s our list .  
sexual assault and mental health | psychology today 
yes you had to jump the shark and make it about party and politics . is not about your  2 a issues . it s about sexual assault and women
all those participating in today ( and all those who have chosen not to participate ) we support you . keep creating powerful work .
reading all of these horrifying accounts of sexual harassment reminded me of a very significant quote by margaret atwood .
seeing way too many men linking on to the phenomenon with their own stories . stop . not about us . at least not that way . just listen
mob : is it helpful or hurtful to fill in the special needs section of a formal invite from a problem dept with no sexual harassment
me too . it s not a matter of boys just being boys crap anymore . especially when they are men .
jesus even friends in germany are getting in on at this point  of my friends have responded the like .  men get it together .
sexual harassment charges rock after allegations campaign via > >
the national park service has both a sexual harassment and a discrimination problem
the national park service has both a sexual harassment and a discrimination problem . my first brief for 
all of these women can turn away from you . stop allowing sexual harrassment .
probably one of the most sensible takes i  have read about for all men who asked please please read this . 
means teaching kids a we  reply with & to educate kids about consent .
sexual harassment and bullying are not mutually exclusive . let s be better human beings .
i think of all the women who never got their chance to speak never even had a chance .  they fortify me . sisters i hear you . 
yep . that  s the plan ! and we won  t talk about  sexual harassment training  but prosecution . 
me too . are there actually people who don 't believe sexual harassment & assault are problems ? do they interact
in the climate of recurring sexual harassment news senior scholar and college of humanities and .
how should we respond to pervasive sexual assault against women ? lament says
french women rally against sexual abuse under banner ( from 
french women rally against sexual abuse under banner
french women rally against sexual abuse under banner 
at one of my jobs i was harassed by a same sex colleagues . should not leave out those harassment s by same sex individuals
rise up against perpetrators of sexual harassment & assault 
extends earlier efforts to share stories of sexual assault and harrassment (  ) and (  ) .
how might sexual assault affect a woman s risk of cervical or  daily
absolutely . sexual harassment and rape exists among men as well as women !
the european parliament s sexual harassment problem  - spiegel online  - international
johnny cash is so right you can run on for a long time run on for a long time run on for a long time sooner or later god ll cut you down sooner or later god ll cut you down
reform men and women will no longer need the protection you make such a parade of giving . in lowell mills 
and here it is  - sexual abuse and enabling of that abuse summed up in one statement : i just deal with the man that i see on sundays .  
instant  message here to love on every person who drafted and discarded their posts . you don 't have to tell us anything . i love you .
must  - listen : examines her own boss about how npr handled complaints of sexual harassment :
sexual assault can come in many forms from people you know or people you denial  of  normal  t .
women from many industries speak about sexual abuse as part of on  -
universal issues . newspaper headlines in italy on women around the world standing up to sexual harassers .
it is time to change cultural expectations about sexual assault and responsibility  
singer s on a mohapatra joins protest pens down her horrifying sexual abuse stories  via
more people expressing their concerns about sexual harassment and assault . gains momentum following scandal in
allegations of sexual harassment in european parliament spark debate
capitol hill is facing a sexual harassment problem of it s own
several celebrities publicly came to his defense . i can t think of one man who was one of those celebrities . all women .
monica lewinsky tweets i did not have sexual relations with that women i only raped her
women are afraid of men entertaining them only for their bodies . no more  netflix & chill before courting & build 
if you re surprised by the amount of women you know saying .  what does that say about the men you know .
/ i want to see men say . i want them to say it to mean they are part of the problem . inadvertently or not .
men stop abusing raping assaulting women . that would be nice .
first i was  . told me this was normal . then i was  and told i was old enough for sex and i had to . both men were older than i .
there s a may finds westminster sexual harassment claims deeply concerning  - as uk jumps on the  me too  bandwagon . 
so opened trash can of louis c . k . crossed a line into sexual misconduct  women say via 
hrc : hrc to release municipal equality index ; sarah e mcbride on sexual assault in trans commu  
baton rouge business owner shares her story of sexual assault 
it s heartbreaking how widespread sexual assaul is . but women have always been stronger than what what   ever overcome
the issue isn  t that we assume all men harrass women . the issue is that nearly all women have been harrassed .
thoughts on also to every person sharing their story ( or not sharing ) : i see you and i believe you .
a alumni father & daughter share their takes on & dad  - daughter relationships
victims need our support . we need  chg laws . ths is about power not sex . sex is just the weapon they use . 
it is very saddening and painful to see so many posts . so many women have been subjected to sexual harassment !
i realise much of this thread applies to all  birthing people not just those who have survived sexual abuse .
women aren  t objects . men aren  t objects . human beings aren  t objects . i am not an object but somehow i was treated like one .
npr editorial chief faces allegations of sexual harassment ( report ) 
denial  of  normal  t get why hollywood men denial  of  normal  t get that they  ve had an unfair advantage .  /
another way in which we need to shift the conversation to a focus on men  who behave this way .
when you consider what happened so commonplace until a cop says that is considered sexual assault ma am .
we can spend time cataloging exactly where on spectrum of complicity everyone in hollywood falls or we can focus on what happens now
how a hashtag became a rallying cry against sexual harassment 
: how a hashtag became a rallying cry against sexual harassment 
how a hashtag became a rallying cry against sexual harassment
how a hashtag became a rallying cry against sexual harassment  via
to say i  m disgusted is putting it lightly .  because men like our president objectify women vs . promoting their talent & capability 
wow misogynistic much ! auntie u need to update your dictionary consensual relationship not sane as sexual harassment
striking a resonant chord . the campaign has let us see just how prevalent & pervasive sexual harassment is
what s scary about tweeting is realizing that i don 't know if i can even share my experiences without feeling ashamed of myself .
if you want to know which of your members have harassed and assaulted other members you should ask . you  ll get answers .
stands with the movement to break the silence on sexual assault and 
how might we use the power of to unite woman & people across the world to create a equal world together confronting mansplaining etc
sexual assault movement reaches nearly   tweets  via
sexual assault movement reaches nearly   tweets 
on french site women to report single sexual five reports & they will be introduced to each other
: women share painful stories of sexual harassment
women of the senate share their stories of sexual harassment  via
how to end sexual harassment in science ? excellent policy forum with summary of data from & others  
thank you eddie huang for your brave public admission . it  s helpful to women and men
from to or how journalism needs to address harassment sexism and the belittle ment of women . 
turning to instagram .  model cameron russell calls out the fashion industry on sexual harassment 
rt sexual harassment isn t just a problem for the rich and famous
anne arundel county sexual assault crisis center hotline :
join us today cheddar  et w / lolly daskal workplace harassment rt lolly daskal
not to be a killjoy but men or males are also victims of harassment molestation & abuse . it isn t one  - sided .
i told her i didn t know why but that maybe i d figure it out . i told her she knew i wasn t a liar . she said she knew . i asked why
great piece on sexual harassment and assault . for every there is a perpetrator 
to my friends posting and to friends wanting to help : if you see something say something .
men power and sexual abuse | psychology today 
we should all band together : women & men whose lives have been affected by sexual harass men we only have each other after all .
it s hard to see how many women have to go trough this . but also so inspirational to see how much support it s happening .
multiple choice quiz from sexual harassment or a witch hunt
sexual harassment is more than a violation ; it is a crime . serial offenders should be prosecuted & classified as predators .
jr . high high school college home job club
to release municipal equality index ; on sexual assault in trans community . 
shows why women must learn sexual self  - defense via
shows that women must learn sexual self  - defense 
shows why women must learn sexual self  - defense  via
it s hard to admit it s hard to be so vulnerable and it s hard to share with others . but it helps to know you re not alone .
defending a rapist & slandering survivors is beyond the pale trauma on trauma i hope they all sue her .
sexual harassment is bi  - partisan . fox news opinion 
divine femine rising . affirmative ailes . bill cosby . bill o reilly . harvey weinstein . denver dj ( taylor swift ) all this year !
. was flooded with tales of sexual assault after sparked the trending hashtag 
in  women will be the victim of sexual violence in her lifetime . i have  sisters . you do the math . 
this picture is an attempt to show men s solidarity with women in
 for me being silenced was a punishment equal to the molestation .  diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
brought the conversation to my favorite massive  multiplayer  online elder scrolls online reddit . responses were toxic 
wait . what ? you don 't celebrate men who sexually harass women losing their jobs by eating endless steak ?
sexual assault breeds in silent dark places . i know . i am an
president of french young socialists accused of sexual harras semen t by  women . 
shout out to the cute old latinx couple calling out my sexual harassment en espanol
reading all the comments from my assault back in  put me right back there
also applies to men of abused women not having healthy relationship . some become
more than  sign letter denouncing sexual harassment in art world 
great to talk on last nites panel on sexual harassment & schools 
| well talk about & bringing attention to sexual harassment . joining us & others .
nothing but support for all women who have suffered or are suffering from harassment .
from brings to light scope of sexual assault victims suffering 
thinking about suing your u . s . employer for sexual harassment ? operator  - ed advice from & me via
movement reaches local victims of sexual abuse
addressing sexual assault and abuse in social justice movements
clear differences between men & women concerning whether sexual assault occurs more often now than  years ago 
women who voted for feel they re in of their lives . does campaign attempt to make them again ?
to the men and women who have never gone through something like this  - the real horror is later the nightmares and flashbacks
famed new orleans chef steps down from his company amid sexual harassment allegations :
check out our new table talk discussion guide on sexual harassment
in which i take a long view on sexual harassment and assault . 
elites bid on children & have them brought to them drugged and rape them this is the truth ! watch over your children carefully .
how could move from social campaign to social change  - it s the hashtag that rocked the world .
has women telling about sexual on the job which is about power . tip the balance ; it . 
minute : join and for  ps est . topic : in sexual harass men
it wasn t only about sexual violence . it is also about inappropriate behavior by men in our workplaces .
childhood strangers coworkers significant others you name it . from both men and women .
. never ever use the phrase  good girl  . we  reply not girls . we  reply women . our abusers used that phrase to coerce us
if there s a woman who has not gone through sexual harassment at any stage in her life all over the .
gabrielle union vows to continue sexual assault conversation : it was wild .  to see tre .  via
opinion : is misguided and places a burden on survivors of sexual assault . 
second set of incidents of sexual harassment power plays was on the tenure track / em cr faculty position .
posting on feel like i am belittling since my friend he was raped by male friend not just psych traumatic for him
double life of the  respectable  men who harass women . how funny .  via
continues  inspire pen  - special connections : harassment assault & rape survival in the era 
2  1 stop  that century fox defends renewing bill o  reilly contract despite new sexual harassment settlement  via
the social turmoil of the last few years is either going to improve appreciation of or it will dissipate with little result . as a species we will either understand & value variety or continue to feel threatened by it .
i wear these headphones as armor as much as i do to listen to music . i shouldn  t have to . catcalling is sexual harassment .
nbc news fires senior vp following sexual harassment allegations
amid the controversy or reality is there room for improvement in n . h . s sexual harassment laws ?
thread : opens up about sexual assault and anti  - transgender violence . 
this summary of sexual harassment decided behind closed doors with no public input or vote is why exists !
believes that women trained and armed with firearms keeps women safe from sexual assault .  and you know what
no one is suggesting jailing people based solely on accusation but we can give women the benefit of the doubt 
the stories are spreading showing many women have their own nightmares & a  - list actresses are no exception
have you see the threads .  the christian world is not a friendly place for women either .
boycott a friend endured horrific sexual assault during massage . despicable response by co . 
egy sexual harassment victim who was publicly shamed by riham said disfigured in revenge attack 
is a human rights violation . wellness is a human right . un suggested that be banned in  . usa did not sign .
for women is an uncomfortable but necessary reminder of our physical weakness and mutual dependence on men 
training men and boys to honor women in the age of
training men and boys to honor women in the age of via
training men and boys to honor women in the age of 
and the female relatives who participate in sexual harassment by body shaming me ; i disown you .
as a female journalist sexual harassment was the norm . i was told to keep it to myself .
brings dallas stories of sexual assault to fb twitter 
working as a woman in the  9  0 s sucked . so many men abusing their positions . i have many stories that continued into the year  .
and of course they know those women but it is likely they don 't know their stories . but now they have been told . now they should stand
alumna actor speaks out on sexual harassment s nytimes operator  - ed 
has shown that women harassment is issue all over the globe though problem persist from centuries but we must look around ourselves .
women in the senate have stories but there s a way to end harassment in politics  - bustle 
fuck all the woke men parading around condemning when they re the ones who have assaulted women .
senate rejected bill to remove commanders from decisions on sexual assault cases in the armed forces in
if this was the only story i had to tell i d ignore it . but it s a story among many others . some instant  message not brave enough to tell
much that happens happens for good why we supported was also in hope for in us ww to be free now has been better achieved via on all sides to 
what about a and standing with your fellow marines as did against sexual harassment and assault ? ?
my latest  -  - > > special connections : harassment assault and rape survival in the era  via
if you or somebody you know needs help offers a sexual assault hotline that is accessible  hour at
bbcworld : hollywood holds march against sexual harassment
hollywood holds march against sexual harassment 
hollywood holds march against sexual harassment
- hollywood holds march against sexual harassment
can t change it s pervasive culture of sexual harassment and cover ups with more cover ups . we . don 't . trust . you .
shocking & heartbreaking !  - all the women and men who have come forward to share
the campaign : six reasons why men do not report sexual harassment  via
thank you to the women in the gymnastics community who have come forward with their stories
we spoke with journalist soraya chem aly on the campaign and how the media covers sexual assault :
no more sexual harassment investigations kept under lock and key  - shielded from the public ( their bosses ! ) 
brings harassment stories of women on social media : 
is this the moment that dam breaks on sexual harassment ?  by new nyt gender editor
out of the homes & into the streets we won  t b raped we won t b beat . whatever we wear wherever we go yes means yes no means no
hearing she was asking for it . because of what she was wearing is disgusting . it can happen wearing sweats and a t shirt as well .
if you believe women like me when we say about sexual harassment and assault but question when  /
lawmakers hold hearing on sexual harassment in congress 
as a former aspiring actor  years in new  york  city all i can say is that all these men ( and some women ) are the usual suspects .
and now aid workers where there are men with power there  s sexual harassment  - how can we change this ? 
i became aware of like many other women as people began disseminating it across social media .
complaining about sexual harassment and being told the victim didn t mind so you should just calm down isn t the solution .
i  m a a singer  - dancer and an advocate . harassed a lot . everything exposed to the light becomes light itself :
now on janice bell ace & vickie mag ley on fallout from the harvey weinstein sexual harassment story
because sexual assault is the only crime in american jurisprudence in which the victim is assumed to be lying .
weinstein ? sexual assault checks  who pays for legal defense ? clinton pays jones   .
weinstein ? sexual assault checks  who pays for legal defense ? clinton pays jones
movement is powerful moment in time says women s studies expert ann russo via 
many in the restaurant industry describe a culture that has not only failed to eradicate the pervasive ness of sexual harassment but has fostered it .
some important reading by & for any of you   all critics * cishet men * fearing witch hunts  - witches midwives and nurses : a history of women healers 
will become a movement ? alyssa milano encouraged women who had been been sexually hara .  via
i reported one incident to our principle and he asked me what i wanted done about it .  then nothing ever was done
how much has our president paid ? make non  - disclosures use illegal to cover up sexual harassment crimes . 
for all those who have dealt with sexual harassment . for those who have felt vulnerable demeaned violated powerless and hurt .
a co  - worker would rub my shoulders and back . when i mentioned it to other women at work i was told he was just being friendly .
and though the fruit  - packing company she now works for has a human resources department gabriela said  they side with the company not the employees .  
it  s disturbing how many women in this world have silently suffered . i highly suggest you click and see as well .
the difference between what women are tweeting vs men right now is astonishing
lady gaga among the women who have spoken openly about being victims of abuse . 
very different and very painful but in different ways . the point of isn t victimhood or hating men or denying it happens to men or
march : demonstrators rally against sexual harassment cnn
talked to about signing letter and recent developments in sexual harassment at the capitol
nyt reviews the history of sexual assault cases from i believe anita to 
has revealed thousands of stories of harassment and assault . how will you respond ?
want to know why jerry falwell jr . is defending moore ? liberty univ has a history of punishing women who say 
3 novices : how to turn into we always look for whom to blame for sexual harassment but it s not the 
checking out unashamed : women speak up on sexual harassment by azriel on voices of women worldwide inc . & : 
attorney anna yum discusses sexual harassment and the latest on harvey weinstein .  via
meme insufficient . no talk of women who throw themselves at powerful men enabling pigs like weinstein .
pittsburgh city councilwoman shares sexual assault experiences as she supports 
guess doesn t have a policy for sexual harassment .  add to the club
this is probably most people definitely most women but a significant number of men too .
& occurs by women too . instant  message a survivor of & by state employee .
here s this mornings conversation about and stories of sexual harassment at our state capitol . 
first : just make sure that our story is indeed sexual assault & not just a tackles s idiot making a pass at you . i  have had both .
recent survey on experiences of sexual harassment and misconduct in the field via
producer dedicates for to sexual assault victims who tell their stories
tfw one of the people who made constant sexual comments about you reacts to your post . like did you miss that you were the problem ?
and what breaks my heart is how many fine women i know are using the hashtag
it  s time to realize sexual harassment is not just a women  s issue  
rising political star shine light sexual assault  via
you should think of the ramifications of your accusation . his father sits on the school board . you ll never get into law school .
go read the hastag you ll find stories there that go far beyond the elites .
it  s why i denial  of  normal  t trust men i denial  of  normal  t know and denial  of  normal  t drink with strangers .
.  and a bonus for all my girls serving hard time for protecting themselves during a sexual assault .
shows just how normal sexual harassment has become | gender & sexuality column :
i have to keep talking about it . tells how surviving sexual assault still affects her  years later .
we need lawyers to help women who are being targeted by the senate s investigator . we need an independent hotline now .
- sexual harassment & violence at universities ? i ll be part of this debate  today 
my pussy is forbidden for your penis only allah can fuck it !  - stop sexual harassment sign from athens greece
started & deserves signal boosting for this movement that s empowered women across the globe . 
sexual harassment an open secret on capitol hill
oh it is going to go well . it  s going to go brilliantly . that voice needs to be heard and it is being heard here .
woman vs . women : how generational divides stand to hinder our march & progress
bravo to these courageous activists that joined us at the march and joined the campaign to end sex assault
/ one woman told us about a time she greeted guests at a party . in a split  - second a lawmaker shot his hand up her skirt . she told no one .
when men [ like tell you that  date  rape is preferable to  violent  rape it  s hard to say  
actor files police report over alleged sexual assault by talent agent 
sexual harassment is not a political issue . both parties making it one . it  s humanity .
thank you senator cocker for being a true american for all of us . even the women of this nation . 
to change the culture i am going to call out sexism when i see it i am not going to say i don 't do it .
sexual harassment was so rampant when i was enlisted when someone didn t cross a line i thought of them as a moral giant .
liberals assault women who vote for trump daily with hate speech .
thanks ! the stories showed just how many women have been harassed & assaulted .  almost  !
today : free preventing sexual harassment at work training  - 
half of women sexually harassed at work says bbc survey 
at  years old . instant  message  years old and can still replay every moment in my head as though it were yesterday .
brings dallas stories of sexual assault to social media  via
brings dallas stories of sexual assault to social media 
molested by  extended family members at the same family gathering . too young to fully understand . too scared to tell anyone .
can t stand people who say get over it why don 't i punch your face let s see how fast you get over that ? can tell who has no clue
four powerful stories take center stage at glamour women of the year awards
four powerful stories take center stage at glamour s women of the year awards 
] .  as plan until he thought [ he said ] i would give up & grow weary . so women when u are assaulted
how congress plays by different rules on sexual harassment & misconduct
how congress plays by different rules on sexual harassment and misconduct
will be happy to learn that preacher says women instigate men to rape and assault them . 
how many stories will come out of this school ? sexual assault in all it s guises is a pervasive practice that must be stopped . 
you denial  of  normal  t need to know my story or anyone else  s to stand with us . you just need to know :
sexual harassment shouldn  t be laughed off and victims shouldn  t be afraid to come forward
as a young man this issue has opened my eyes to be more aware of this issue
men paralyzed by most men haven t sexually harassed women since they weren t raised like sorry animals so 
we are not your prey toys or victims . we are not weak or powerless . we are strong & smart & independent . we are women .
pasco activists : . nguyen_ amanda and her organization rise now us are turning into a movement to end sexual ass  
> > servant leader & campaign . speak out against sexual harassment .
this is why feminism is such a strong movement so many women can relate to one form of oppression all the other .
sadly not once . being afraid to shar mistrust loss of self  - conf . sexual harassment and assaulting to anyone has to stop !
of those who were sexually harassed  of women and  of men said they didn t report the incident 
after millions shared stories france will change it s definition of sexual harassment .
don 't forget the mid  -  7  0 s nordic coach who cheered on the sexual assault of a team member with a banana !
for the record most women will either ask or indicate they d like to see your no need to wave it around . 
i likely won  t be watching again . the sexual harassment that was allowed to happen is disgusting .
and when you do hire a sexual harassment survivor you have to understand that being at work is a trigger .
this sounds great but it shouldn t just be towards women . all gender face harassment 
grandma has told me about how she was assaulted when she was younger both in the work place and at home and no  one stood up for her
i  have been sexually harassed . end sexual assault ; honor survivors .
versus will only be wonder woman again if brett ratner is out as executive producer = is a brett . and the rest of rat pac predators are done . bye brett .
how many men who claim they protect women in their family are perpetrators ?
state lawmakers are saying about pervasive sexual assault or harassment in state capitols  via
social media sparks conversation on sexual assault   wisc  - tv3
social media sparks conversation on sexual assault 
retweeted sophia bush (   if all the women who have been sexually assaulted or harassed use .
today s broadcast looked at the bombing in mogadishu & the movement on sexual violence . podcast : 
a study showed that being sexually assaulted once meant a woman was  times more likely to be assaulted again
instant  message fully aware of the vulnerability of my gender and sometimes it has been taken advantage of .
looks like mckayla maroney is joined by  other women in movement 
sexual assault also happen in marriages yes marriages usually by abusive spouses . sad . 
next will be doing an anti  - sexual harass men campaign .
messages at california bars promote women safety amid campaign
her allegations come as and other campaigns shine a light on workplace sexual harassment 
 in the very heart of european democracy we have women being molested and harassed .  reaches 
my events are minor in comparison . but the fact that they exist at all & that most women i know have experienced it .
we stand with all victims of sexual harassment & sexual assault . here are resources for victims of sexual assault .
in headshot preacher at my church came on to me in the church bfr service . a deacon did as well . ask why i  ve had trouble with religion .
no to bullying . no to shame . no to harassment . no to assault . no to rape . no to reproductive control .
my heart aches for those who have endured harassment at the hands of men . just one is too many and clearly this is a plague .
a lot of these people had it in their history and a lot of people knew it was going on . talking
i am sorry to all the women who wrote and to some men as well . this is our collective healing .
a thread on why women shouldn  t be afraid to speak up about sexual harassment .
sexual assault doesn  t always look like what we assume it will but that doesn  t mean it doesn  t hurt the same
various dates : two attempted rapes . having to tell several men no more than one time .
this week on the a to z of sex  e is for egregious harm . i talk about sexual harassment
restoring respect : how & movements redefine discussion on sexual harassment and race in america .
women across the globe are sharing their experiences of by using the phrase  - buzzfeed news 
if you don 't wish to come forward that s fine . we support you . i support you because we all need to cope with our abuse
has the national conversation about sexual harassment changed anything in your personal circle ?
pelosi on sexual harassment in congress :  the system needs to be changed  
while the public is waking up to sexual harassment abuse and violence with the gov  t is moving in the opposite direction
one of the reasons i write about the body so much is to process reclaim imagine a new landscape where women s bodies are fully theirs
portland actress shares her story of sexual harassment in hollywood .
thanks to all those saying men and women for spurring actual change . fin .
so now that has inspired countless men and women to voice out what is the next step ? or was this just a surve ?
. the viral hashtag points to the need for a broader paradigm shift on controlling women  s bodies
all the victims of sexual assault will remember it for the rest of their lives .
powerful account of what it feels like  -  -  - diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
how do you know the women are liars ? were you personally there when the alleged offenses took place ? not naive & gullible much ?
always in you and your sons corner stop these people from hiding behind sex addiction . predation has nothing to do with sex !
of course i don 't know many  -  - any ?  -  - women who can t say the same . many many times to varying degrees beginning in childhood .
now more than ever it s crucial to hold space for survivors and organize against sexual assault .
it s considering taboo for a man to talk about it but seriously every man is also harassed by the woman sometime in his life .
when the legal system fails sexual assault victims we have to find our own closure
open up pandoras box of rampant sexual harass men we were petrified of being fired !
it makes me so fucking angry but i  m harmless . they beat & me until i was & & nobody fucking cares ! it  s like the until a family member is murdered by a gun .  the protects the 
before i aged out sexual assault was called hitting on me uncomfortable & relentless passes . taking advantage .
an nyt readers reaction to messages from women that have flooded social media
nytimes : an nyt readers reaction to messages from women that have flooded social media  
every time i walked into one editor  s office i was subjected to graphically detailed sexual advances . (
in god  s house : reflecting on sexual harassment and assault in the a me church 
then why is no one seeking the truth about the abuse suffered by military related women ?
all female worker if alrdy on d job or on  1 stop  that day of job should ask  clarity on d internal complaints committee
women in political life say here s how harassment and violence limit their political lives worldwide . 
monkey cage : women in political life say her how harassment violence limit their political lives worldwide . 
fits neoliberal agenda puts on us on women to revisit trauma leading to real change
four female senators share their own stories of sexual harassment
in light of the movement and the backlash against the women who have accused
know what is sad ? a guy said to me once most of the women i know say they ve been sexually abused . that s insane !
new on the web log : it  s never too late to share a story of sexual assault :
with the allegations against have you ever witnessed sexual harassment or something similar ?
women say believe them ! woman says roy moore initiated sexual encounter when she was  he was  
every corner of the world women are targets ( not victims ) !  regular homes & jobs to corp & high profile
many of us  -  - women & life  - long feminists can spot a who is self  - serving greedy & corrupt . 
we need mandatory sexual harassment training . non  - disclosure agreements have got to go .  -
rt believe all women  -  - all people  -  - everywhere should be free from sexual & so what can we do about it ? 
being a medical advocate for sexual assault victims i still deal with mine after  years .
after  weeks of telling media + that sexual harassment claims are confidential they announce a summary .
 s important new piece about finding sexual harassment survivors 
bbc news  - how is exposing the scale of sexual abuse 
how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse  - bbc news 
bbc news  - how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse
bbc news  - how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse 
retweeted mashable ( after  ways men can help end sexual assault
thousands take to the streets of against sexual harassment .  
lots of men are sexually harassed too . please balance the coverage .
who won stop  that . louis economy senate republicans & the women of the movement . brought to you by
who won the women of the movement senate republicans and the stop  that . louis economy . brought to you by
hey .  nice fire truck dress .  but america has got   to know .  where d that pearl necklace come from ? ( future ? )
w rj women had the opportunity to share some of their frustrations regarding the changing title ix guidance .
stories from decades ago that were never discussed with anyone credible are exactly that this is not is more like trump there was no accusation till he ran .
movement is a voice of courage rising up to stop the generational curse of twisted sexual desire of abuse
but don 't let women off the hook  -  - women spout locker room talk & boys will be boys & what were you wearing too .
it was so nice to meet you this morning . meet my wife who is a founder of dealing with
somehow even knowing that  of women have been harassed has not made it any easier for me to admit
experts on say men need to make the changes . women coming forward won t be enough
sexual abuse stories flood social media via
i am at  1  0 television news this morning participating in their phone bank in lieu of the campaign . watch and call in !
stanford scholars weigh in on social media campaign exposing sexual assault
it took me years to label what happened to me as sexual assault . added her voice to
social media flooded with stories of sexual assault
social media flooded with me too stories of sexual assault  - 
here is what i would like to say about  ) thank you to the women ( and men ) who shared their stories or just tweeted . (
female politicians speak out about sexual assault experiences 
ajenglish : rt ajenews : thousands march in paris to protest sexual harassment
ajenglish : rt ajenews : thousands march in paris to protest sexual harassment  
don 't you come here and say i didn t warn you about the way your world can alter and oh how you try to command it all still every single time it all shifts one way or the other
what has changed with is that men have been brought into a conversation that women have been having for .
how complicit they are . meantime i am proud to be married to a man who understands fundamentally that women are his equal to be
pretty f  d up that i  ve avoided posting because it was  just a little catcalling just a little groping   flattering  even . hard to shake
i denial  of  normal  t remember what he said to make my skin crawl . i just remember his invasive eyes on me and smug smile as he watched me squirm .
as a social political movement . we are dearly commited to protecting girls & women
support people who can t speak . support people who can . nothing in this world is pure or wholly good .
paula fro eli ch gives the scoop on how men in power like harvey don 't respect women & what to do about it  .
of course sexual abuse and harassment is part and parcel to every women s existence . 
this ! this is so important . even the women we aspire to be deal with sexual abuse and harassment 
people wonder why i say we need a ten year ban on men in politics . i  m not kidding . 
women of color finding their voice in the movement . activist explains on cbsn . 
is an employees social media post a harassment complaint ? | lexology
is an employees social media post a harassment complaint ?
for myself and the men and women i know who have had to deal with sexual assault and it s aftermath .
speak out and name those who harass and assault me . support those who also speak out about their assaults .
twitter trend reminder of widespread sexual harassment 
twitter trend reminder of widespread sexual harassment
from taboo to women opening up about and assault through viral hashtag campaign
i love how the campaign has caught on to many generations of women not just young people
women are being told how to avoid attacks making them feel unsafe & anxious always needing to be suspicious
french women bravely saying hashtag instead of out your pig
it is painful to read this : when marlee matlin accused william hurt of sexual assault  via
( instead of women posting can men start posting because all men have called women as bitches been  too friendly  .
thanks to for featuring my story of overcoming sexual assault on their web log 
anyone who isn t looking out for inappropriate sexual behavior from   - some  - year  - old men is naive . 
poll : nearly half of working women say they ve experienced harassment  via
. i was a victim of sexual assault . i should feel empowered by but it feels empty
hitchhiking in fla . y are some people connected to sports suspicious when piece of crap say they were called epithets or women
debated whether or not to say anything but inspired by all the others who already shared their stories of sexual harass men
website facebook at the un yes phyllis men and women sex a ully proposition each other daily .
how to know it  s okay to touch another person :  . they verbally say it is okay . that  s it . there are no other steps .
in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers via
a long side all the you have men publicly discrediting three women of their experience
i stand against sexual harassment . it is not okay . no one asks for it
reese witherspoon joins the conversation with her own story of sexual assault in hollywood .
i read each story . you are a hero for doing this for these women . thank you .
women of the senate share their stories of harassment  - nbc news via
the most dangerous cities for women and other top gender stories of the week
the most dangerous cities for women and other top gender stories of the week  via
i want to start a for men because women can be just as crude as men then i realized i only have  followers that didn t block me
i think about all those women who can  t say because they have been killed or are still work in fuck   off the rapist .
so important ! women of the senate share their stories of harassment  via
kansas you have thousands of rape victims waiting for you to process forensic evidence from their cases ! 
men especially fear angry ! women ! angry women are witches . angry women assert power . angry women get named hysterical or crazy . 
thank u to the women who bravely came forward with stories . 
women who do despite what  s been done are my make no mistake . they keep the world spinning & round !
 i can  t help it i  m a dinosaur  : let  s bust the sexual predator excuses for real solutions  via
thank you for bringing this to light but let s not forget the women who don 't have your platform .
sexual assault can freeze your heart but it s key to persevere through the pain & discover true happiness
nytimes : from i believe anita to why is this spate of sexual harassment allegations different from all o  
 well now we know where that famous facial expression came from . i may be horny but i support women s rights .
being forced to do things that make you uncomfortable does not express love . it s sexual assault .
movement : will sexual harassment fight lead to change ?  via
movement : will sexual harassment fight lead to change ?
nice timing in light of advanced copy of arrived . featured :  women from j . k . rowling to carrie fisher . thanks
lady gaga sheryl crow and more tweet to raise awareness for sexual assault
lady gaga sheryl crow and more tweet to raise awareness for sexual assault  via
business insider : these are the most prominent allegations to surface as part of the campaign around sexual 
attitudes when reporting sexual harassment & assault need to change .
look through this tag understand how often this happens and understand how horrible it feels
it  s hard to say but women flood social media with it  s time to say 
harassed many times fought an attempted assault just once and he regrets it every time he looks in the mirror at his nose
takes to the streets in hollywood calling for an end to sexual assault . 
if them cared so much about harassment and women  s safety they would have heard long before now . pox on both them and repub houses .
mad i bacon who covered up sexual abuse including mine is still honored in sf bay are a .
it  s not the men who abuse that are considered liabilities it  s the who refuse shut up and take it . 
saving grace is hosting a community conversation about the magnitude of sexual harassment and assault  .
i deleted this application from my phone because of how women are treated on ( see : i came back here to say  -
yeah . the thread on trans bathrooms = nil . but is probably  of the women i know .
i  have discussed this on all my accounts in one way or another over the years . it informs my life forever  - yesterday today & tomorrow .
this is the first time i  have ever really told people about my sexual assaul but here it is
how men are responding to the campaign against sexual harass men t
the culture of silence & discomfort should be called out . i ran for e board to change this culture .
to all of the women bravely sharing your stories : we see you . we believe you . we are with you .
calls reporter a c*nt  for asking about his no regrets for violence against women . 
: a lab mate . a classmate . men i don 't know at the gay the s tree a bar . a coworker .
my thank you for creating the space for so many women to come forward with courage .
can u stop  a second and think what role year modesty ( on th s tree public ) plays in contributing to sexual harassment against me too ?
for molesting kids at school . pass that caste ration juice around . i ll start pointing these fuckers out . women know .
who will release the list of sexual predators of indian art world ?
now this news : women members of european parliament are saying
gender marginalization ? sexual violence in a south ? stories ? send us films of your stories !
dear men : if women you know don 't post it doesn t actually mean
speak up . denial  of  normal  t ever feel ashamed or feel it  s your fault because it  s not .
join us & in saying to domestic violence & sexual assault .  
we all benefit when we collectively start to support one another by saying no to sexual bullies ! read
becomes voice against sexual harassment : new york ( abc live ) ; : casual 
at this point can the men who haven t assaulted women just raise their hands ?
hits it s next stage when men we believed to be noble are accused of harassment it .  via
fixed that for you .  dear men don 't harass other people don 't drug them don 't blackmail them don 't rape them . it is your duty . 
thursday event at majestic will feature stories of sexual assault support for survivors
thursday event at majestic will feature stories of sexual assault support for survivors 
half of the discussion is about why women don 't come forward immediately so maybe a passive aggressive attitude is not helpful ? 
there were letters going back & forth between social workers the dr in crumlin & nurses . talk of calling the garda but only talk
yes . the silence about sexual assaul has been deafening for too long . time to make it loud . 
if your daughter is  or older chances are she  s also saying when it comes to sexual harassment . here .
thanks to everyone both men and women for showing their support 
on now with to chat about r . kelly chris brown and black women s erasure from the conversation . tune in !
sexual assaults are the only crimes in which the victims are guilty until proven innocent .
boulder co ( nov .  ) . has the convergence of stories supportive men and global media coverage created a .
. theellenshow talks sexual assault in hollywood praises movement  1  0  6  6 live
top story : why the campaign has been so impactful  - lolly daskal | leade   see more
that doesn t sound particularly traumatic to me margaret went es response to women s accounts .
how turned an idea into a social media movement for women overnight with
viral post on how we speak about sexual assault is an eye  - opener 
only scratches surface .  so many women right now frightened silenced negotiating life alongside people who assault e them
angering breath  - taking a must  - read for all women . your courage is admirable . bless you god  s peace . 
human dignity sexual morality and christian responsibility today on
the viral hashtag is really about respecting the agency of women . on where to go from here :
ask your mom and she ll tell you ask your sister your friend ask me and i ll tell you pregntale a thank   you mam y team effort contar
this is horrifying . still wondering why women denial  of  normal  t report ? 
. maddow mitchell reports discuss weinstein and women in journalism  1  0  6  6 live
whether you are or ( right or left ) our data on demonstrates violence against women is universal
okay first off with all the stuff going around what exactly are you classifying as sexual assault ?
good . do this more do this more ! ban the sexual harassers and assaulter s from our industries !
for all the women & girls who :  - have been too scared to speak up  - haven t been heard  - haven t been listened to .
is there anything wrong with men telling there story under or is it just for women ? if me do are they all lives mattering it ?
legal issue ? sure but not all sexual harassment is alike and  call
we believe that learning from one another matters . a q & a on women in leadership from our founder :
in colleges worked at a pizza place . was making orders a boss once he asked what i would do if he asked me out of touched me .  /
mush ? yes  i know that now many men are afraid of being misunderstood when they want to engage and inter ect with women business .
are we teaching this in or just schools generally ? has helped many grown women verbalize the horror that happened to them .
join us today  et for w / + talking + what it says about sexual abuse .
violence against women is a men s issue explains activist via
even if every woman posted still doesn t reach the magnitude because most women have >  been harassed .
back in the day when women could literally do nothing about it . had to endure it .
austin woman speaks up about sexual harassment as part of campaign :
just say you want to ded end colin kaepernick . no need to refute proof because you want to stand with him . doesn t look good
rt  of women have suffered acts of violence committed by their partner 
i want to hug and all women . all of us sadly tweet this is an unbelievable situation 
me : for all the women & their supporters who are out here telling it like it is . also me : holy sh*t  these are some hard streets for we survivors to navigate .
i stand with survivors & all women that have been subjected to different forms of sexual assault .
from to there are so many ways u can choose to show up for sexual assault survivors 
the amount of posts in my feed while not surprising is horribly discouraging . step  : how can i step in & make an impact
why is it so difficult to respect others ? how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse 
women of my mother  s generation .  expected gropes hugs & foul kisses . theirs was school of  fend them off .
in spite of the high % age of women in there s still a sexual harassment problem . yes there is .
many of us have participated in or seen the social media campaign acknowledging the prevalence of sexual .
as a young army corporal i remember this . reaffirmed what most women in military already knew . 
just this weekend a friend and i were harassed for denying drinks from a man . this is a normal occurrence for women it shouldn  t be .
he lied about self  - harm and suicidal thoughts ( harassment and ableism ) to try to guilt me into sleeping with him . i refused but still
need more pop culture like this > by calls on me n2 respect rather than blaming or preying on women .
four courageous utah women shared their stories with us . you can hear them on around  and again tomorrow during me .
fought off an attacker and got away from kidnapper . it happens more often and to more women than you think .
and in the end rape culture is bad for everyone and threatens healthy sexual relationships between me
we must stop the abusive behavior in every that has resulted in nearly all of the women we know tweeting : 
you re a very brave and smart women . hope this gave you some peace and closure !
3 novices : how might shift workplace power politics here s how to handle workplace and what ? 
faux  - feminist  - n  - traitor calls victims of rape & sexual abuse : 
in the  9  0 s # was pound . please be more responsible when making sexual abuse hashtags .
yes this . just the ordinary fact of women s lives amplified by molester  - in  - chief . raw power of via 
i can t deal with talking about sexual assault every damn day .
in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say  - npr
in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say : npr 
. platform tell about rape culture + racist white women 
thank you for writing your and for standing up for sexual assault survivors !  
. eic s & explain their editorial decision on citing names in sexual stories . strong reporting & ethics . 
touchy feel ie that was once considered part of a date has now devolved into attempted rape . what makes you think it wasn t always attempted rape ? 
i was sexually assaulted by a woman in her  3  0 s when i was  and it hurt me mentally to where i can t handle relationships
empowering to see how many strong women acknowledging that it s happened to them . awful so many of us have encountered it . 
as a i truly appreciate you & regarding the women coming forward
all men must be supervised ! maybe we should fit them with shock collars .  or instant  message open to suggestions . thoughts ? 
people are blaming facebook for possibly keeping posts from men
i won  t be convinced our society cares about justice until we start cleaning our closets . the best place to start is at the top .  /
stories of pastors being sexually harassed & abused inside their churches
by strangers acquaintances colleagues supervisors . and still it was nothing compared to the stories i  have heard from other women . 
we stand by you & to create a new normal . end sexual harassment & abuse
i know but i really wish more women would come forward and out their rapists !
michelle quist mumford : utah is no better than hollywood when it comes to sexual harassment and assault .
selma blair and rachel mcadams share their stories of james to back  s sexual harassment 
now that all of a sudden the world feels like believing women can we revisit the allegations against
poignant considering the stories in bll .  1 stop  that gen of young women who believed we could do anything  - w no idea the price we had to pay
c sexual assaul from someone who stayed silent for years except the things i spilled into a journal
yes . my mom now  in tampa bay fl was groped by her uncle while he was teaching her to swim . mom loves the water and fishing .  yet she never learned to swim after that .
standing room only in the session on fighting sexual assault in the age of
this loser says men are too weak & confused to not sexually abuse . if so maybe these men need to be jailed now
sexual harassment poll shows why campaign went viral
supporting everyone who has been a victim of sexual violence or harassment .
we need to stop asking women to fix rape culture 
what a parent  over  shoulder ! no baldwin a lot of men don 't do that but it must be popular in your circle ! no surprise here . he s not a man he s scum !
your daily reminder that ghwb wasn t old and senile when he allegedly touched women inappropriately . bye for now
a message from women in film and television . please respond to
insult to injury has kept this abuse toward women children & men going for centuries . it must stop !
isn t just a twitter trend it s also raising awareness about sexual assault . 
she writes about complex topics with care and nuance where it s on or what sex means to queer women 
commenting on radio about their response to the subject of sexual was & showed true
we intercede on behalf of all the girls & women who are living in oppression right now . your healing will spring forth .
instead of their sizes they reported harassment facts to the audience . you can be a model an activist & a feminist at the same time 
how could it be other ? simply don 't know one woman who hasn t been assaulted or deeply harrassed .
it s sad and sickening but here s to all us strong women who have endured so much that many have never known about .
just saw a documentary called dream world s  about how women are portrayed in music videos ; they are shown as objects and not people .
i and women business leaders around the valley share their thoughts on the campagin  via
setting new boundaries : women business leaders around the valley share their thoughts on  via
everyone should retweet this . many people do not know this & need to . we will not be silenced . 
four famous women just shared their stories  and they re beyond powerful
four famous women just shared their stories  and they re beyond powerful  via
 teacher  watching sexual abuse of disabled people . proud to be interviewed
sexual violence is about power & crosses class lines as well as gender :
retweeted mr . skell is on ( far too many men are silent on what  s happening to women .
hundreds in hollywood march against sexual harassment :
hundreds in hollywood march against sexual harassment via
hrc : go  ahead . lawmaker wants to quarantine those living with hiv ;  - hrc  s sarah mcbride on sexual  
several hundred people attend rally in hollywood against sexual harassment
is movement more than fleeting moment ? christina perez director of women and gender studies talks with
thank   you for your compassion and support ! we need men in this fight ! 
prof on how social media & are changing the conversation about sexual harassment via
an emphatic no at first gesture of harassment can save dignity . most of victims drags on too far till unbearable confusing as yes !
 on misogyny i hope for a world where women & men can equally coexist aligning together in purpose & love 
instant  message sad seeing so many friends who have acknowledged their story with but instant  message hopeful
problem with these stories is they are revealed after project has ended and too many details are missing key linkages .
sexual violence & inequality : it  s time got it s own house in order 
you flirted with him he flirted with you . he did nothing wrong . stop trying to ride the train . you got nothing .
i liked a video | coming forward about sexual abuse
have you ever wondered why it s usually a man sexually assaulting a woman . what does that tell you ?
buzzfeed feminist scolds harvey weinstein for not assaulting more black women 
not to pile on but it woulda been nice for twitter moments to use more of the women tweets on gaffe considering timing .
could possibly dismantle hollywood for the rapist pedophile cesspool it is ! great job women !
retweeted alena ( men reading the hashtag should be questioning themselves . many women i know .
raising awareness of the prevalence of sexual assault and sexual harassment .
let s not forget how often sexual assault and harrassment occurs after this meme passes and actually do something about it okay ?
time to close the chapter on these publishing days & lead to cultures of respect : the women of publishing say 
and instant  message not into this it happens to men . this is about powe siz object if i cati o gap : get off my narrative
inaugural national women s convention was so promising . thought bar would be raised from p*ssy  hats esp after 
houston nutt gets an early christmas present . om admits wrong doings . i guess to quote the term of the week : i  have done wrong .
let  s continue to educate and discuss sexual harassment and sexual assault
what women experience regardless of the role ( s ) they assume in society . enlightening description of by 
sexual dysfunction and disease needs serious sensitive airtime . it s easy to throw stones at deviance but is it helpful ? 
as a rape survivor i have had an opinion dialogue with my three sons about how to trea women . 
two experiences on public transpo :  guy felt himself up in front on me .  guy used his foot to uncross my legs .
european parliament : zero tolerance to sexual harassment and sexual abuse in the eu via
there is a reason why women don 't speak up about by powerful men . shares why .
i  have been talking about sexual harassment for years as a business issue and a negative business inhibitor in every industry . i talk to 
i  m so glad to see women empowered to finally speak out .
was groped on a crowded bus by a group of men who separated me from the people i was with . 
california today : a rallying cry against harassment in sacramento
made sexual violence visible  - call to make better policies on campus  via
honesty i d have a harder time believing there s a woman in the world who hasn t had an experience .
no i have not been sexually harassed or assaulted . but if your initial response is shock and surprise .
scores of women are writing tonight about how they have been assaulted + aggressed more than once so far i have survived
because a woman without a history of assault and harassment is about as common as a galaxy with no central black hole .
women s posts reminded me i had been that awful guy . here s how i changed . 
will men genuinely reflect on and work to change their own behaviour following the campaign ? or will they .
the first  minutes of are always my favorite  but this monologue is dramatically different and important . i appreciated this honesty about comedy and women in the workplace . 
being born a girl shouldn t make sexual harassment and assault a fact of life . 
spotify has a playlist . we can all do something to stop sexual harassment and abuse . listening to each other is step  .
we need men s and women s support to help stop and punish this evident hell . 
i was sexually assaulted by a man when i was  . you don 't get to escape the consequences by flinging rainbows !
meanwhile men are still equating football losses to sexual harassment and rape . this is the fucking problem . 
to all of my friends and to all of the people i don 't know posting their stories i just want you to know
saddening to see so many women go through this horror . saddened that so many men are full of shit .
me too . while teaching a yoga class . while walking my dog . while meeting with a non  - profit donor . while in headshot geometry class .
supported by local sexual violence advocacy groups which push for more action
supported by local sexual violence advocacy groups which push for more action 
so many women propositioned me since a youth many with boyfriend making me mistrust my own girl & humanity & being she  - devils
one in three women . the magnitude of the problem deserves more than a hashtag but for what it s worth
just a reminder that sexual harassment doesn t need to be sexual assault to be horrible .
 w / the weinstein case & & french women have realized they were not alone 
comforted to know instant  message not alone but also sickened to know how many others have their own stories . it s not okay .
. not only uses community mobilization but also radio and to prevent sexual and domestic violence in nepal .
a must  - listen for everyone concerned about sexual assault campus rape 
retweeted un women ( just out : says in captivating operator  - ed sharing her .
the campaign on social media speaks to the pervasive ness of sexual offenses .
i was at a loss of words because simply saying doesn  t feel like enough . but saying more feels too hard .
denial  of  normal  t try to silence me . i  ll come back louder . denial  of  normal  t try to weaken me . i  ll come back stronger .
if you are a creative and would like to anonymously report your sex harassment story please email
we must do better for women everywhere .  - who launched a social media flood with two words .
things that are sacred do not speak they are worshipped on their pedas tals . kelly wants when women were silent and did not
forbestech : rt women at forbes : everyone deals in their own way . during the campaign here are some tips that  
when you re having heated debates with friends about & women s rights via text whilst simultaneously discussing hair & wind woes
retweeted the new york times ( from i believe anita to why is this spate of sexual .
thank you to all the brave women who talked to me today for my story . catch it here !
last week : uses for bi weekly claim of death threats from dems this week : si c s sycophants on anyone who criticizes sex predator potus
my power does not come from my trauma . web logger rashi shares her truth and power while reflecting on the movement . 
as the movement continues we want all of those struggling to know we believe you and we are here for you    -  .
great suggestions on ways you can support women beyond believing them . 
intentionally or otherwise my behaviour at times has perpetuated the uncomfortable reality that most women live in . (
when i was  a man made sexual gestures at me during mass . i told an adult she said  he has done that  me too just ignore him . 
i have decided to approach the men who have made me feel less  - than . i shouldn t  - we shouldn t  - have to carry it alone . thank you .
to my female friends i stand with you . to everyone who has bravely written i stand with you .
i remember telling my dad that i was a victim of sexual assault
did you know that  out of every  sexual assaults in australia is perpetrated against a child !  disabled kids  x more likely
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault via
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via nyt
 floods social media with stories of harassment and assault
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  -
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  - 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault via 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via nyt 
it doesn  t help that people dissect the victims statements  why didn  t she come forward earlier & save others ? 
i hope all men are paying attention to hashtag and the stories associated .
your occasional reminder that  million of you voted for someone who bragged about being a sexual predator for president .
is it a watershed when  women senators say never ever want to hear this query again : why didn t she say something at the time ? 
please join us and lots of others this sunday at  1  0 a at ses qui centennial park . let  s turn into all who wish to join .
were excited to be joining the tomorrow for a panel on ending sexual violence without police .
sexual assault is such a sterilized sanitized word . it really doesn t do justice to the horror of rape
seattle news anchor shares personal story of sexual assault
thank u courageous people  telling your story let s make a pledge and empower each other
on the movement wondering if there are women in who ve experienced aggress io from male colleagues .
why spread around the world ? cause women are seeking healing and empathy ! 
those strong women tweeting just know that you are amazing and loved .
it  s happened in school while working while pumping gas while at a party while wearing sweatpants while riding the school bus .
we shouldn t have to warn young women says sen . this conversation needs to happen now she says . |
instant  message writing about for a final in australia & would love to chat if you have time !
amal clooney  s moment  will big law face it s own sexual harassment reckoning ? by
survivors of sexual violence deserve to be believed and supported .
earlier today  -  prominent yoga teachers share their stories
my big fear about is that some will just dismiss the claims as an example of women being too sensitive .
what all women know about donald trump ( and harvey weinstein ) 
during my first year teaching . a co  - worker followed me to my apartment after i refused to go to dinner with him . had to call for help
how campus sexual assault activists are telling the trump administration  - mtv news 
receives over half  - a  - million mentions over one day  - in the wake of reports over the numerous sexual har .
but not in hollywood . i was sexually assaulted growing up in in . indiana tops the nation in underage rape :
the dehumanizing and humiliating experience of sexual harassment of women should never be questioned . men do better !
lawmaker on sex and politics : it s about a culture  - a big in r . i . general assembly women now & then ( that  s me ) 
unfortunate that thousands of women have to twee to encourage society to believe them . we  ve been screaming for decades .
campaign . why should anyone harras a woman sexually . while there are sex workers willing to serve your urges
i objectify women all the time and while i haven  t harassed anyone or acted up on my lowest impulses .  got   to admit i am not proud
for some men who wonder how they need to change their behavior toward women after me too
the hush  - hush nature of workplace harassment has fed into a lack of [ systemic ] understanding of the problem
great question . cynically because that s what i am now i think not . what   ever got because of investigative reporters and the clicks they know they ll get . if hrc were president i fear they d still be focused on emails . click click click .
time to revive that rude expression : npr hires people with a face for radio . and a militant personality . who would come close ?
patriarchy is expecting women to speak up and relive their traumas so you can finally believe it s real .
 do sexual harassers keep good science from happening ?
until today no one ever asked for my stories of sexual assault so i never spoke about it .
retweeted christianity today ( for women is an uncomfortable but necessary reminder of our p  
hey wonder how many women meant you when they tweeted today ?
what   ever been fighting to be humans not sexual objects since the if is a shock you re not paying attention 
sexual harassment & assault are being discussed a lot right now . how to talk to your teen about the movement .
sexual harassment & assault are being discussed a lot right now . how to talk to your teen about the movement 
sexual harassment & assault are being discussed a lot right now . how to talk to your teen about the movement
it s on each and every one of us to change the culture and make it known that sexual violence isn t acceptable .  - chardonnay
mt women of sacramento move from to  enough .   an opp change the culture moving forward . 
when your date tells you to stop being a stem major and switch to something easier on women .
where will info go ?  harassment and  rape as cost of business expense
.  through gender inequality racial justice economic equity and the protection of women and girls . we are in solidarity
my question is why didn t anyone pay attention when all those women said before the election ?
i have faced harassment by a govt official just because i don 't speak a language of his choice . 
has inspired conversations with the women in your family ? we want to hear about it : 
would be curious to see hashtags from those me who knew about ongoing sexual assaul in their org & did nothing
calling women females it takes away their humanity .
weinstein will be hung by his balls but our sexual predator in chief gets a walk . why ?
her too this is the complete & utter bullshit women deal with we speak up or disagree on social media 
don 't hear faux feminist crowd denouncing which celebrates rape of  year old girl by  year old lesbian .
from to where are white women allies when a black woman is called a whore ? 
from to who me ? where are white women allies when a black woman is called a whore ? via
from to where are white women allies when a black woman is called a whore ? | huffpost . 
unfortunately there will be many women who will choose to be silent instead of publicly acknowledging their misfortune as victims .
sexual assaul is not about what victim wore or did . it is about abuse of power dynamic & illegal behavior by perp . 
scandalous how the discussion focuses on why women didn t come out before . it should be about pigs lacking self  - control and morals .
no one cares about despite over  1  2 m tweets .  a shame . no wonder women don 't speak up !
courts are so tired becoz these r petty offences . company management s expect women to vanish but they fight
unfriending men who are annoy e with the amount of statuses . this is your eye opener be a real man no be a
i decided to weigh in on i hope women do what s best for them and find comfort in others . 
how hypocritical this post is as you just lost a  million dollar bid to silence your own sexual harassment victim ? 
the weinstein affect is still unfolding . our take on why victims don 't speak up . the program for torture .
consented while in custody ? yep i have a problem with that one . as a society we wonder why women don 't come forward . 
with the shift of mood will mueller be looking into trump  s predatory sexual behaviour too ?
my ex wife got me drunk got me to impregnate her and then sued me for alimony and child support
opinion : the campaign against sexual assault also is for men
not every sexual harassment survivor is ready to post a story via
for  your  information  - = another reason why access to sexual and reproductive health services must be non  - negotiable .
one of the archaic core tenets of being a man in the patriarchy is to protect our women . we are remarkably bad at it ( reading
why am i not surprised that most of the men who are upset about the social media campaign have a few .
we need to start a new thread just for sexual abuse by religious leaders .
the bartender also talked about women who were underage . i told him one girl was  and he said even better ! i can wait !
 me too  campaign empowers sexual assault survivors to raise voices :
 me too  campaign empowers sexual assault survivors to raise voices
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault  - cnn 
twitter flooded with personal stories of assault  - cnn me too ! 
must read ! it s honestly sad how many people i know that can relate to this 
this . why i played why i coach . so many girls in you gym have this story . it  s time to turn on the lights in the gym . 
should say & call out close friend about his  attempted sexual assault live on
i don 't know ~ she deserves an award . instant  message so grateful to her for starting & for amplifying the message .
state senator cliff hite abruptly resigns citing  inappropriate  hugs with state employee as reason 
with the number of stories there are instant  message genuinely surprised more women don 't
thank you for honoring these women so the hundreds of thousand more stories out there see that they are not alone
there were even aids who would place attractive women on certain sides of their member in photos . we d call it their grop in arm .
the most horrible comments i  have seen about the campaign have come from other women . it s heartbreaking how we tear each other down .
pakistani women join campaign to shed light on sexual abuse  -
it might be easier to ask if any female over the age of  has not been sexual harassed .
of americans say they have personally experienced an unwanted verbal or physical sexual advance .
to the  people i know personally who posted me too or their own stories  - i see you . you are much braver than me .
women are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment are
nytimes : women are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment are  
women are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment are by
find out how fh works in communities to make sure vulnerable girls and women never have to say
this is why women don 't tell . shame on for punishing survivors of sexual assault .
if male leaders knew how devastating this is for women and  - at minimum  - it impacts the bottom line this might change .
maybe black women should use instead of because nobody pays attention when we are hurt harmed or sexually assaulted .
many women around the world are unable to participate in because they  reply voices are not heard
victims of unwanted sexual attention speak out with me too campaign . 
lesbian bisexual & trans women athletes who changed the game  diana nyad  - molested by swim coach
made the scale of sexual abuse go viral . but will it actually change anything ? 
state legislatures are feeling the heat of the movement and sexual harrassment allegations . 
instant  message thankful for and all the other click tivi sm that enabled society to take down some assholes
 we hear you . we see you . we believe you . not your day to share publicly ? we see you too . is here
how hashtag on social media is revealing the scale of sexual abuse
it wasn t all familial though . several men touched me made remarks etc etc while i was growing up . i didn t know how to keep myself safe
traditional gender roles call for men to protect women from punks like weinstein .
for all the women who do speak up about a famous predator how many average jane s feel they still have no voice ?
& hollywood access tape a year ago was the  1 stop  that time i even told anyone
want a future free from violence against women ?
with that being said & it s likely that instant  message not the only survivor you know regardless as to who chooses to share . 
. thanks for a great interview on sexual harassment & my experience . 
if you needed any more evidence of how powerful women s voices on have now become : parliament criticises 
 feel the sadness of living in a world like this .  on the spiritual challenge men face in
old vic accused of ignoring sexual misconduct by kevin spacey 
good one . can  t believe in  we still have men shifting blame to the women who are victims .
any chance the city could do something to honour all the brave women stepping forward under the banner ?
anyone know if the movement has shifted to other countries ? thinking of france and the uk in particular .
get  a  life gadot will only be wonder woman again if brett ratner is out via
. would you please meet with reporters to discuss this ? is it possible that other women will now come forward to say
the advice i  ve heard for years :  denial  of  normal  t run with headphones . denial  of  normal  t run in the dark . denial  of  normal  t run alone .  instead of  run when you want .  
some of the problems women or any person disclosing will face is wierd and unpredicted undercurrents post report 
millions of women are sharing their stories  and it  s given me courage to share my own .
rap assault the only crime where victims must prove their own innocence . that s seriously fucked up . ( source :
thank you for your post . i am one of millions who have been affected by this and want to say how much i appreciate those who support us . thank you again .
i think we should expect men to also come up with and u will ve all lady celebs with toy boys clap back
father s teach your sons . so new generations of women denial  of  normal  t have to say
poll in what % of all sports programs and organizations do you think sexual abuse occurs with male an female participants :
showed the truth . fox hires known sexual predators .
some people are getting upset about the movement and it is literally driving me insane
i don 't understand why it s apparently unacceptable for men not only to be victims but especially to say anything . were belittled .
what has your experience been like these past few days as women share their moments and opinions ? are they .
how to deal with workplace harassment with lolly daskal executive leadership coach rt lolly daskal
when we stand up and say let s make sure were hearing working class women too .
don 't ever be afraid to speak up . you can relate and be friend more people than you know 
my first years in journalism was like trying to walk through a minefield of grabby men . everyone advised me to get used to it .
thousands respond me too to actress  twitter prompt on sexual abuse 
in wake of and the women  s boycott outlined latest rules for fighting hate .
i am against sexual assault on anyone ! as a i have experience blatant sexual harassment & been treated like it (  1 of 5 )
but frankly i d rather explicitly sexually harassed every day than constantly underestimated in a way i can t quantify or prove .
very moved by these brave & strong women anita hill & ann cardenas
women are exposing all these hollywood stalwarts who believed they were untouchable . proud and happy for you all .
this is a movement ? i sat in and and described narrowly avoiding gang rape . instant  message verified nobody but the usual said shit
regardless of what instant  message wearing or time of day
i will not apologize for posting on facebook . if you have a problem you  reply part of the problem .
too many women unable to say because they are being silenced by abusers and fear of being called a liar .
i  have been harassed in several industries : beauty fitness military & service . i was violently assaulted at  . we are not victims .
congresswoman says at least  members of congress are sexual harassers 
after a depressing number of tags do anything i can to help the women in my life .  relatives friends co  - workers .
there are multitudes of women who could tweet but they choose to keep this to themselves . we all have our reasons either way .
some of the women who said it took me a lot of strength to survive and to realize that none of the .
men it  s not our job to keep reminding you about remind each other and stop abusing . it  s as simple as .
stories can lead to libel suits .  whatever happened to admission of guilt & get out of the way ? 
in the light you can see others can see you . and you create a shadow at hers can folow so don 't go back in . every one come out . you are more than you think .  .  a qeen
yeah .  we can talk about the violated cool chicks .  who violate people publically too .  you know so that boundaries are whateves .
because people think they are entitled to do what they want with your body and are baffled when you tell them to stop .
it s shouldn t be . there are men who were sexually abused and harassed and who still suffer . unfortunately it still is mostly us
i appreciate all the men liking and sympathizing with stories . however i hope you turn that into action .
it  s not amusing to the dead and abused women . misogyny is rampant and pervasive in religion .
confided in doc as my caused reply : abuse . now he won t finish recon instant  message emotional
based on i would assume that almost half the women in the us have suffered so form of
what happens when women speak up about sexual assault and harassment 
comedia ryan do on ( holiday break up maron ) was outnumbered by women on a cruise ship and got some unwanted attention . a lot of unwanted attention . listen here  -
do tell if your numbers tell a different story than mine . or else i ll assume for your search .
instant  message still not understanding why the movement didn t apply to this sex abuser .
men like harvey weinstein are responsible for the movement . can he find a cure in arizona ? not likely . 
three  - time gold medalist nancy hogshead  - makar talks about how the movement is shaping the world of sports . 
so weinstein did a polanski . wonder when french women will start tweeting
the movement is both heartbreaking & powerful . i just want to hug all of these people .
forced to have oral sex with a colleague : aid workers speak out on assault 
takes over social media for sexual harassment awareness 
i thought i didn  t have many stories of harassment and assault but kept thinking of more and more like an unending magician  s scarf
 predators women will no longer remain silent about your behavior ! authenticity heals !
thanks for your outstanding reporting . you are the to all women  - in hollywood and across america  - to say thank  - you
stop fucking asking women why they were quiet !  for  fuck's sake
this coming from an alledged sexual predator . why did you run from chance to prove your innocence ? you are the sleazebag . 
so forgive me if i omit my story but i denial  of  normal  t want to relive those moments
report : moore accused of sexual contact with   - year old 
know what ? instant  message a strong multi talented badass mama . instant  message smart and intimidating and proud of it . yes
awful . that s why women are left with only option to leave our jobs often moving downward . 
of course every woman i know is a here we are yet again pointing out the problem of sexual harassment .  /
lots of men are chiming in on selective reading on your part . your goal is to create conflict . no time for provocateurs .
why instant  message not joining the hashtag even though i was sexually harassed 
1 stop  that my older brother i was  . at  & for the next  years a male peer . in young adulthood a male friend of a friend . i was terrified 
this is the world women have been conditioned to live in and it needed to change yesterday 
now looks like online vigilantism to elite desi feminists after  academics were named as sexual harassers
denial  of  normal  t speak up because you have daughter speak up because it happens to people all kinds of people even
alyssa milano  s hashtag sheds light on sexual assault 
because being cat called smacked on the ass permission & shrugging your shoulders when other women slut shame is normalized .
very good advice for men who are seeing the deluge of postings and wondering what they ca do . this .
twitter looks to toughen rules on online harassment abuse 
it s not just a hollywood problem . sexual abuse survivors explain why they said
my talented wife joins us fellas to discuss what the hell is up with men and the movement . 
men and boys are among these huge believe  - it  - or  - not numbers & are not forgotten .
wow i the floodgates have opened up on thank you to the brave woman & men 
if i killed someone  years ago they re still dead and instant  message still a murderer .
sexual harrasment is alive & thriving in not   cool ladies be for warned ! like no other state in the usa !
and emotions enough to see people as whole humans before a default of society s objectification sinks in as normalized .
just want to say thank you with everything that i am to all those brave humans in this world and thank you to the s 
the abundance of should tell everyone what most corporate leaders already know .  this problem is much .
let s not forget also the women who assist men in power to abuse and harrass other women by acting as their wingmen
i just want to say thank you to everyone who has supported the movement it has helped me immensely
in some spaces doesn t travel even though it ought .  we now see such assault can wear different politics
educators & organizers please check this curriculum by & creator to guide instruction on sexual violence for students : 
my heart goes to her . too similar to my own memories of experiences with much less ambition . too many of us women are
so inspiring to see how all the woman telling their stories are encouraging others to share theirs .
as a man like myself i always respect a women like  2 pac says  - a woman brought you into this world
thurs nov .  2 and time :  1  2 p  -  1 p location : library disco (  1 stop  that floor ) topic : weinstein and the campaign  - an opportunity for change
the movement shows it  s more than just a hashtag it  s hard to turn hashtag campaigns i .  via
i denial  of  normal  t have a cool first time story because it was an assault .
instant  message horrified by the way women have been put down and kept down .  )
is meant to be against creepy guys right ? then why are men exempt
india  s or not there seems little doubt that murthy has wronged women . if so he needs to be tried for it .
this makes you think women are so mean . stop dramatizing & publicizing rape allegations ! criminalization of men must come to an end !
i can t favorite tweets . ought to be another response option that expresses disgust & shame that so many women experience this .
so when men attempt to be empathetic they aren t doing it right ? this is why i don 't comment on this stuff .
all of which is to say sexual harassment and assault happen all too often hence it  s important that you do something about it .
to anyone who  s ever been forced to do something sexual because they  just love you so much   - i see you . i believe you . i am you .
and i didn t even realize it was wrong back then i thought it was my fault for not fighting back with all i have .
- two words women can use to express that they have been victims of sexual assault or harassment .
some people are appalled at the response of but see how the men think they let you do it no you force yourself on unwelcomed
want to fight harassment ? start with pushing back on bullying via 
all the men in constant dis belie of the posts are proving the whole fucking point of the hashtag !
controversy ensues after asks if harassment laws will cause will cause fewer women to get don 't c are jobs . ( via
controversy ensues after asks if harassment laws will cause will cause fewer women to get don 't c are jobs . ( via 
open letter says illinois capitol has been rampant with sexual harrassment .
many incarcerated women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted can t write as a status so jayda .
so much admiration for the brave women telling their stories . i still can t manage to speak mine .
i can  t even remember the first time a man verbally harassed me and that  s the root of the problem .
welcome to the world you helped create !  men aren t the only pigs in
and i also had threaten to get the campus police which made them stop . i am furious that we women and girls have to go through this
in memory of the experience there should be a actively listen to your women and children day
hashtag sheds light on thousands of sexual assault victims  -
if you ve been sexually harassed on the job in california you have rights . know and use them  -  -  - > 
* does social media activism work ? social media for awareness raising 
our research in the news : psychology prof . kevin s war touts work cited in story about
thousands take hollywood by storm in movement marches
would love to see a data viz showing geographic reach for movement
on the job in the streets at parties by adults when i was a teen i endured harassment . if we don 't stand together now then when ?
 women are asking why harvey weinstein and not donald trump ? here  s why  
. the recent campaign where i shared my two bits on what is a daily occurrence for women world over .
if everyone spoke up people would be amazed as to how many people experience assault in their life 
aw crap instant  message so old i forgot had to delete previous tweet
now is on vox : these women exposed a famous director  s unwanted advances in  . only now is he being busted .  via
loudest cheers of the night when said men must speak out against sexual harassment .
the first time i was sexually harassed i was in college  i wish i could tell you that was the last time !
the stuff is making me ( painfully ) question where the line is between my own privacy and my responsibility to other women .
no child is immune to or safe from the manipulation of a sexual predator . speak up expose the .
proud to be part of the zero  - tolerance policy on harassment and violence .
in where women r faced well   done harsh criticism brought out the magnitude and universality of the matter 
reveal made me relive my experience all the harassment intimation threats humiliation & forced silence . 
retweeted ew i stand with all of the women sexually assaulted but unwilling or not ready .
via rvp ravi vs prasad  - rt wired rt f manjoo : this jessi writes piece on and the research on viral out r 
on hands and knees for you god . always lord . i get what i get because you needed me . thank you . i love you . 
that u don 't know what stands  is pt of the problem . started by in support of victims of
hundreds join march in against sexual abuse 
hundreds join march in tinseltown against sexual abuse 
* starting at age  wish i had an end age ! i  m here for anyone who needs comfort . let us never quiet down again !
a facebook post seems so inadequate in the midst of so many women posting deep organizing is needed and .
about time people are rising up & being brave everyone in hollywood are singing like
alyssa milanos me too tweet raises sexual assault awareness the term trended on twitter .  via
wonder if we shouldn  t inverse it and men should post to have our biases challenged openly and support all those saying
remember there are still more women who can t post because their abuser is still around and they fear retaliation if they share .
your world view may impact ability to recognize microagressions exist if don 't experience may deny experience .
not assault but intimidation bullying misogyny and discrimination . no more silence .
if you are disgusted by people hijacking this their extremist politics and trying to overshadow survivor stories
two days ago  -  prominent yoga teachers share their stories
my weekend trip to oberlin college and stumped to see this powerful message
the extent of is terrible yet it succeeds in showing the prevailing sense of impunity among men and tackles norms that shame victims .
a little late but still meaningful . hate this say this but it happens almost every single day to me still . every . damn . day .
for many a movements over time dissent moves from being the medium to the objective . social media feminism these days
to say i felt defeated is an understatement . i understood for a moment why sexual assault victims don 't report it .
exec producer today blogs about converting chatter to change . includes call for stories : 
stop sending your little minions out to harass the women who told the world about
 almost every single woman i know has been the victim of sexual assault  
i didn t say anything because i thought it was since i was a young reporter needing to get a story from elected officials .
you were told that you liked it . you were told to shut up and take it because you  reply a fag anyway . you wouldn  t say no .
calling all women repeat after me : we  reply not going to take it anymore
reset your nervous system in  hours . stress reduction for survivors of harass men sat  rsvp 
keep in mind : a lot women have a story . sad !
parents please talk to your teens about sexual abuse and the movement
i feel guilty using those words . i feel like i  m being dramatic . or desperate to be part of a conversation for attention . ( .  )
since i  have already talked about my assault as a teen on here i would like to post my story in this thread .
and add the amount of times i  ve been approached by men / followed down the block
why were men shocked by the number of women who claimed how men can start listening by
not forgetting that me can also be victims and women can also be the victimize r but today shows for girls it is too common !
this is why i never reported my assault . i like many other women was scared to deal with the assault from society . 
union who was raped at the age of  also contributed to the campaign and opened up about the movement .
l . i . against domestic violence stands with you and is here if you are in need of support .
i  m totally at loss here . over twelve million women are coming out because they  ve been raped ?  if so we are a very sick society .
well i guess will check himself into an  insane asylum  like the rest of those sexual perpetrators out there in hollyweird .  smdh
for every brave woman who publicly states there are multiple people who can say
once a guy yelled sexual slurs at me while i was walking my  german shepherds . they went into attack mode & nearly ripped the leash
local advocate against tells her story for the first time to
sexually assaulted by my family court lawyer when i was  . he s still practicing  years later . many more instances over the years .
instant  message an alabam ian . i was born in this state & raised in it . not so funnily enough my story happened when i was  .
if you have been sexually assaulted remember that it wasn  t your fault . helpful info here :
shakes up israeli television and film industry as victims of harassment speak out 
a created the  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
we gone talk about how the names on the stages stay the same and the suppression of black women does too
we denial  of  normal  t pay attention until it  s a big name . we denial  of  normal  t pay attention until it s a big celebrity . 
are the posts causing any reaction among the men on your timeline ? i  have only come across one post in the last  hours .
it is a tragedy to have a past of sexual assault and sexual harassment . one of the most tragic memories to face .
the  1 stop  that time i was sexually harassed was in  6 th grade ; most recent time was last nov by a tsa agent . my experience is not unique .
moment exposes sexual harassment but will real change happen ?
offers  million in hush money . she said  boy bye  sorry women can  t be silenced . we  ve come to far !
social media flooded with personal stories of assault 
social media flooded with personal stories of assault
social media flooded with personal stories of assault .
wrote some words about the two that have been on my mind . if you know someone who s posted chances are you know someone who made them . 
we honored today by changing our newspaper  s logo and sharing stories from survivors and advocates !
get rid of all people who commit sex harrassment at work . unacceptable .
there are many men who should face consequences for their deplorable actions but won t . let s demand that change . 
for all those women who aren t ready to come out and say me too . i support you and know how hard it is to open up .
i was sexually harassed daily as a fresh  - faced legal clerk to a federal judge 
how about also not shaming those men who say and telling them your story doesn t count u r male
( you ve reminded me of harassment i  have experienced moments i  have rationalized as a fact of life . it doesn t have to be .
it  s not  inappropriate  it  s assault it  s a violation it  s unacceptable perpetrators need to own their assaults nor mask it
retweeted carolina rav ass a ( if all women who ve been sexually harass e wrote
a feeling of freedom after admitting that i was sexually assaulted .  no longer worried about repercussions
gender studies prof annalee l e p p is on right now talking about and sexual harassment & violence
oh and don 't forget is also a sexual abuser he literally grab them by the p**sy
super relevant to all of this : you will be sexually harassed : just one of the perils of working for tips 
cw sexual assault sexual harassment if all the women who have been sexually harassed or .
wow . i  m crying . so many stories of my own to share  - but thank you for sharing yours so eloquently .
trust women believe survivors put principle over party
molest . abuse . violate . the statistics are staggering and sickening . i hope my story helps another begin to heal .
another insightful piece by in on  we are so commodified by our sexuality that by the time we are middle  - aged we are useless  she told me . after years of marijuana harassment she feels  used up . 
assault perp is monster who abused many girls . enabled his predatory behavior . 
denial  of  normal  t fall for it . denial  of  normal  t believe them . they  ll say anything to worm out of trouble . support support
for the younger me who was sexually assaulted in her own car and didn  t speak out about it for months
publisher : lawmakers sexual remark to me wasn t okay via it does seem like a tipping point . god i hope so !
here s why hundreds of thousands of women are writing on facebook and twitter
i support that said i d like to see get the exact same attention and press coverage as are dying
women  s the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago 
my complicated view of life .  so i can say ( age  onward ) yet the betrayal of a leaders bent on destroying your life got   to be worse . 
senators share sex harassment stories . experience in mo legislature .  via
it ends up with that the polices thought that i need to see the psychologist . the criminals at scosche industries should be in jail !
retweeted matt nazario m . ed . ( survivors posting will not convince perpetrators of sexual .
woman says roy moore initiated sexual encounter when she was  he was  . others pursued . brave to speak . 
how can we teach our daughters how to have a voice if we remain silent ? gives a voice to the unspeakable . 
in response to the women posting are there any men brave enough to post ?
also though : wish there were a hashtag for men to confess . this doesn  t just  happen  after all : there  s someone responsible for every
there isn  t one woman surprised by the massive amount of people who have spoken out to say every man commenting about it is floored .
i share my story in hopes that you feel not so alone and that you realize that you are enough . 
briere questions the use of psychiatric labels (  victims of sexual abuse ) .  post  - sexual  - abuse trauma
instant  message not nave but still : multiple occasions varying degrees & each time a supposed friend or mentor who said they cared about me .
thank you wendy williams for covering story harvey & charles tomorrow live avoided this like a plague 
unfortunately sexual harassment and sexual violence is always a timely issue .  - dr . pat cl uss of
the first time i was sexually abused it was the night of my  7 th birthday . nearly  years later my own .
men grabbing & squeezing my butt on buses different occasions only happened when my husband wasn t there & i used my cane heavily .
lies are so vile & disgusting instant  message missing trump should sue  
women need to understand harrasment . strong action should be taken to end this
people understand that we can quickly build community around hashtags .  - prof on campaign 
the best advice my grandma has given me ; men are pigs .
workplace harassment is real ! say something  rt lolly daskal
 why i  m not surprised when i hear that powerful men are fucking creeps  
retweeted clarissa ( if all women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote  we .
indian women join to stand up against sexual abuse  -
indian women join to stand up against sexual abuse
thank   you for sharing story on you don 't have to have perfect judgement to be the victim of a crime .
the quote e is correct ; instant  message prbly in that generation . and that s the point isn t it ? we just had to eat it and move on .
sex and power : the capitalist case against sexual harassment 
thank you for your work with so many worthy projects but most especially your support of the movement .
. shared her story of sexual assault saying it can happen to anyone at anytime anywhere .
. good god ! now sexual abuse is about voter suppression . how does his mind work ?
rt together 4 girls from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse  -  via huffpostwomen
denial  of  normal  t know if i  ll be ever ready to tell my story but just know
that s very important . real men take care of women
has sparked a sisterhood that many of us didn t know was there . all it takes is one brave woman to let others know they re not alone .
please join us and help lead march during  anniv of  nat l women s conf
share your thoughts with the washington post  - what s next after the campaign ? link here  -  - > 
women in political life around the world say read piece by in wapo s monkey cage . 
to  many women calling in to tell their stories . let s stop denying our rape culture
in recognition of go to for resources if you ve experienced sexual violence . you re not alone .
posted by : hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault s to 
posted by : me too hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault stop  that 
fellas take a gander at the stories .  to those gentlemen that denial  of  normal  t behave like animals  - i tip my hat at you . the rest : stop now .
in case you missed it  -  prominent yoga teachers share their stories
as a and person living w hydrocephalus i know all too well how disinformation & lies harms people and society .
yes this is the for men . we all have to reply  - examine and reflect on how we have been socialized this society to exude this harmful and detrimental toxic masculinity . it harms ourselves and everyone around us . 
taking a look at the conversations that have come after how can men be held accountable ? today on
my undergrad school was civilized . nothing prepared me for the level of bullying i experienced in my famous fancy grad school .
difficult to read but necessary . men we have to do better as a culture . 
thank you not sharing my own story of because honestly it s hard to pick just one .
and i doubt there s a woman out there who hasn t been sexually assaulted . it makes me so angry and so sad .
ivanka it might be time to tell your story your father has been totally inappropriate with you .
maybe they  ll believe you now . it  s time to call out these asshole pedophiles by name . 
m a  s friend tried to grab & hug me when i greeted him for father  s day & then again when he greeted me for my b  - day .
when i have my hair down i do not expect random men to yell at me that they think i should cut my hair because it  s  too long 
is out ! sparks harassment debate commission loses over hate and vote opens lobby floodgate .
you get the campaign about sexual harassment largely because twitter doesn t seem to target by gender . they do segment by nationality
i have other stories these are the ones i can tell . but it never ends and it  s something i always carry with me
a lot of men . working while female = driving while black 
at agency parties you  d have young girls being chased by men three times their age . this was reflected in the agency  s advertising ; older men cavorting with young girls supposedly their partners yet young enough to be their granddaughters . 
do you recognize your privilege as a man ? if you ever witnessed someone being harassed did you do something ?
we stand alongside sexual assault survivors in condemning the culture of non consent .
+ delegates creating solutions for ~ our men ? response to ~ they seriously care !
] to bed [ before restraining order issued ] to rape me and he was arrested  times & served no time
after the harvey weinstein scandal women at u . s . state houses are saying
after the harvey weinstein scandal women at u . s . state houses are saying  via
we are reading your & yours . & yours . & yours . & yours . we see you . we believe you . we love you . we know that you are worthy .
activists  - we not coming to your meetings cause you re leveraging your big savior man complex to harass the women and femmes .
but you are not weak ! you are here ! never let them take your power away ! you are stronger than you know !
everyone deals in their own way . during the campaign here are some tips that we hope are helpful :
the brave women and men posting need to know that
why do women get all attractive if they don 't want to be harassed ? glad you asked 
between   -  i was sexually assaulted by he screwed me over & over . many of my friends share similar stories .
i was camping w friends i blacked out and woke up w a man who s name i didn t know inside me . i pretended not to have woken up .
i  m with you if you  reply standing . i  ll be here if you  reply not ready to stand . i believe you . it wasn  t your fault . you  reply worth more .
so sean are you saying because men can t control themselves that we should have a matriarchal society & abolish bullshit patriarchy ?
i could join the trend . i have a story that goes with this . but it  s my story to know & only select people will ever know .
rt widely ! this is an important story . why isn t it illegal for nypd cops to have sex with people in custody ? !  
so many tweets from women indicating that they have been cat calle harass e this shows the gravity of the problem
cw  - i forgot about this piece . i sugar coated it . now i  ve had men request it all off for birthdays . i didn  t talk about the boy who shaved me at  in this . now i won  t be silent . 
news : twitter flooded with personal stories of assault 
i  have especially been interested in reading men s opinions of all the me too stuff that s been going on .
name one sexual predator who has been exposed by who is less powerful now than when he started . 
i know u see tweets & if u don 't .   creator milano u donate  her org or no ?
can someone explain why this is the picture of that decided to use w / an article on harassment ?
i was sexually assault e my entire  1 stop  that semester of college . took me  years to get rid of the menace .
this is powerful : a female creative shares her story of abuse at an ad agency
was started for black and brown women and girls . they  reply still being ignored .
was started for black and brown women and girls . they  reply still being ignored  
csu friends  - if you would be interested in sharing your story please reach out to me
it s constant for pretty wome but humiliating for the rest of us too : you should be grateful instant  message even bothering with you .
denial  of  normal & get caught with your pants down amidst the movement
a woman is like a tea bag : you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water . eleanor roosevelt
if you don 't understand ask someone who does . you know a just find  women there will be one .
not a great feeling when words reply remain timely . me reply waking to an intruder 
you go girl ! proud of all the illinois women telling their stories . 
the hashtag .  read through these postings .  if you still do not understand sexual assault and harassment .
it s time for black women to count . we are not invisible . we matter . we have a voice . we have value .
opinion | the raw power of . these stories are the tip of the iceberg .
asks that people reply to her if they have been sexually harassed or assaulted :
twitter ( & facebook ) flooded with personal stories of assault 
over privileged handmaiden hijacks the campaign to write a creepy paean to her delight in having sex with men .
all of the hollywood bandwagon riders jumping on coattails with need to pony up and support his campaign to out the abusers !
are in the news : now we need to deal with it ! are some starts of this need . get on board
good . maybe some of the sexual harrassment i experienced before the agencies merged in wales will stop now .  ( daily ! )
so you  reply conceding the crazy part of  old & crazy  ? you totally get where he  s coming from with that ? 
because some men believe no means try harder stop means keep going and get off me means i like it rough
attention fellow men in hollywood : it s quite simple .
shut the front door . instant  message so disgusted ! 
these hollywood types still insist they know what s best for me voting and lifestyle wise after being complicit in sex abuse kills
you   all need to stop worrying about what people look like and understand the actual message here !
sexual harassment and sexual abuse are no joking matter . anyone can be affected including
here s on the roots of her decade  - old me too movement & this weeks viral campaign : 
men are also sexually assaulted . so are / folks . when we say be sure not to make others feel more invisible .
as a female artist i can say this made me stop for a long time . it led to destruction not creation with both my art and myself
all these posts are breaking my heart . so many women who have been second mother s to me and i had no idea .
being sexually violated sucks but it s more common than you think and it doesn t have to define you .
the ny daily news have spoken to some of those sharing stories 
screaming at the top of my lungs with all the other brave women out there . you are not alone . you are heard and you are believed .
i did not yet know that a black woman who aims to bring necessary resources [ .  ] 
being free from sexual harassment and sexual violence is a civil right . schools & communities have responsibilit es
i had a few men coworkers on my job who were very sympathetic to what i was going through even though they kept silent about it .
knew what happened was wrong but statute of limitations was over before i learned it was still sexual assult
cape psychiatrist discusses the therapeutic and social value of the campaign in my article for cape call of  duty healt 
a woman working in food service ? she s probably been sexually harassed .
if women everywhere who have been sexually assault e shared this maybe the magnitude of the problem would be recognized
thank you for the simple words of re introducing cannot be forgotten when we discuss this message !  
i am not a woman but i was molested by a family member from the time i was  till i was  .
why do you insist on making it political ? no harassment from anyone is okay ! obviously you ve never been through it ! hope you never are
rt the latest yes instant  message a little sensitive ! 
men for  your  information after so much emotional labor from womyn your mean more than passively pledging money . do the work !
instant  message so saddened yet unsurprised by the number of women sharing even just one person is too many .
thankful for the support i had when i was sexually assaulted . however there were those who tried to tear me down so i stand in
probably most of the women who did post weren t sexually assaulted or harassed either . 
the stat is  in  but i call fake news because every female i know has a story
i don 't talk about it ever and only a handful of people know about it even happening . she didn t take no for an answer .
utah man  carved profane word into woman s stomach using a piece of broken glass . who teaches this ?
with all that s been coming out about or pervasive molestation nina var sav sky started saying that men are .
classmate in law school but at least instant  message was  more successful both then and now
even put the men in their place make legal empower prevent the and reverse the
if i can train my dog not to take food off of the table your argument of what a woman was wearing is invalid
when  out of the  girls you were sitting with all have stories of being roofied .  you know it s a problem in society .
from hollywood to silicon valley to our own neighbourhoods  if the campaign showed us anything it s that this culture is systemic .
irish men into boxing mma . how many of yeah express shock disgust at but your framed picture meeting convicted rapist tyson stays hanging ?
i had the stranger danger talk and about people touching your private parts
i was  in an emergency room by a doctor . on another occasion by a neighbor . instant  message  now and will never forget .
it is time we listen to the voices of girls and women around the world .
lili reinhart has spoken about how she was sexually harassed as a teenager by a significantly older male :
absolfukinlutly .  i don 't give  shits what your political party affiliation is a sexual predator is never okay to be backing !
it shouldn t be surprising but a lot of people think that because i wear hoodies and jeans and hang out around nerds that it doesn t happen . well
when i was  a boy told my whole grade he wanted to rape me in his basement . when i confronted him he told me he wasn  t lying
for the record : in  my still  - at  - that  - time husband dbp violated restraining order against him &
hard to post but it s time to share with more than a couple people .
so how long does it take and how much evidence do you need to participate in the crowd ?
is great . so many stories about terrible abuse . consequences for the perpetrators now !
aj plus : was a  wake up call  for many men and here s how some are responding on twitter .
every woman i know has experienced sexual harassment or sexual assault via
experts note one last trait shared by men who have raped : they do not believe they are the problem 
i often silently wonder how many of them have had trouble dealing with similar stories of those using the hashtag .
it might be easier to count the number of people who haven t been harassed or assaulted .
femm folks experience sexual violence too . it s so important that we are at the forefront of this conversation .
but what should i say ?  tips to decide  - the campaign may have taken over your social media . he .
i haven t been on twitter much the last couple of weeks so instant  message a bit late with this but more than once
and you know what i was told at  ? it s your word against his there is no proof . why would anyone make this shit up ? !
we all have experienced or witnessed harassment s and assaults and we can help . no more silence no more shaming we are one . 
for  years i struggled w / this professor terrified to go to mandatory courses until someone ( still don 't know who ) shut him down .
me too a long with so many others who carry this with them daily . every  seconds an american is sexually assaulted .
when i was sexually assaulted by  my friend  because i wouldn t  put out  because i  m attracted to women and not men .
raped by a  2 long   time who worked in military intelligence in the
women have every right to be enraged . we aren t man haters . we didn t ask for any of it . it is so every fucking day were accustomed
my first boyfriend sexually assaulted and raped me in the locker room .
csj : my story .  - long before the hashtag or references to  pussy grabbing  there were screams and .
think about how many women you ve seen say it s not the same like five guys who assaulted or harassed all of them .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too  as a status .
 if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might .
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we .
me too .  if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we .
when men use the fact that you re wearing a leg brace as a pick up line in the grocery store .
fear of harassment & assault shouldn  t dictate how any of us live our lives . but it does every day for so many .
also telling me to redefine my view on attacking is insulting & the opposite of feminism & support in woman . by the way .
after that the races began and every time i am alone in public i am wide eyed and never not thinking about that possibility
time heals but it still affects me . stronger today than i was back then . it is not okay
) happens to us . the movement is so overdue . we need this to stop . our income is being affected many of us just quit jobs because
surely rose mcgowan will speak out against all rapist ? no so hollywood is ? 
and trump s silence on the issue is telling in and of itself . we all know many women could say concerning
it  s not these bad men . or that dirty industry . it  s this inhumane economic system of which we are all a part
i  have had two men clumsily kiss & grab out of the blue . better to ask forgiveness than permission does not begin to apply to my body
who is writing about comparing companies firing assaulter s to college title  & attacks on college processes as unfair to accused ? 
and instant  message honestly probably fucked in the head from it
seriously . i think it  s insane too . i  d imagine it  s not something men admit to each other .
/  - another was a coworker . i spoke firmly to him and told him to stop then had 2 work w him following week told cow kr
women in egypt are taking to social media to say in face of the endemic problem of harassment
read & feel what all these voices sharing stories endured .
i stand in solidarity with all of us who have survived the horror and stand strong with courage and strength . 
men need to stand up in the age of trump writes in
and it  s amazing that you had verbal abuse from management or those  who think they are more worthy  it does suck but you helped you
it s a tragedy to know that i am a victim of sexual assault by a person i once claimed to love .
the campaign & anonymous spreadsheet : how to maintain awareness and enact change without delving into a witch hunt ?
if i had a dollar for every time i told a guy no but he did whatever it was anyway i would have some cash . especially for ages   -
for those who don 't fall into the traditional category ( man against woman ) .  everyone matters .
the politics of would be interesting to have the first a llega tio against a woman taking advantage of a man or another woman .
who is meet the woman who started the movement a decade ago
when people of color say about experiencing racism and bigotry everyday take a moment to ponder why .
see men ( usually ) just like to take advantage ( not all men by the way ) 
being a part of this movement was extremely difficult because of all those who didn t believe me or didn t understand .
sometimes at the same time they d tell me i was too fat or ugly to bother harassing .
me too me too me too .  gainesville new  york  city tallahassee . don 't think for a second that instant  message alone
it  s time to speak up and out and we are ! shared my story and perspective last night on 
.  the  2 and time my manager overheard a private conversation between me and a female coworker .  [ continued ]
how do you feel about the flood of stories on social media ? what does it say about our world ?
thank you for sharing your story & bringing tears from my heart to the surface .
many in american history could tweet if they had had the technology the power . a question of power not sex :
it s the number one reason instant  message hesitant to do on line dating 
. of spoke w / about how social media sparked change with the campaign .
could problem tweet a story a day and never run out of content
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . done
this is how books and make the world better . excellent job thank you ! 
i mentioned a few earlier sexually assaulted in  6 th grade a sexualized nickname as well as being a survivor of rape .
it is past time for this to be an accepted part of being female in this world .
i am a feminist a rape victim a clumsy switch queer bi  - polar an addict of drugs and pornography and a man . i am also honest .
it  s truly depressing to see how many people are affected . i  m just glad we stand together in this
sexually harassed at work ; groped on the subway on two occasions .  yeah
please bring back  - television series eyes season  come back as it s relevance rises  via
all of you there are reasons people stay silent . make it safer for them to speak instead of demanding they bare themselves  -  - again .
oh also i  have counted  stories today that i know were reported to and ignored
-  things i want my daughter to know about abusive people  via
best article yet on the movement . thank you for this tour de force . 
retweeted dj polite ( because the details i will likely take to the grave . but men are sometimes victims too .
 you can  t deny it anymore .  it  s just an overwhelming majority of people who have posted read more : 
wish there were more men in the room . especially given our climate .
 grappling with power & violence against women in our daily lives   - 
thanks m a for being the strongest and most tech un savvy person i know . i love you  - and
if doesn  t perform at after her stellar come back the movement and everything else that  s come out of i  ll lose all faith in your program .
i didn t have the courage to speak up at that time . but it affected how i looked at those events later .
don 't really want to talk or tweet about it but yes probably every women is me too
of course you re a victim ! obviously ! lotsa people need to hear that lately . 
bunch of   -  y . o friends  brothers had been in their daddies  porn stashes and were curious . i was little and didn  t know better
the correct word is coward . no more humiliating female language like puss and wuss . we have words people . use them .
people seem to believed the accusers . many witnesses coming forward . combination of + timing of the anniversary .
artist erin gallagher visualizes the spread of the viral campaign | so beautiful and so very tragic at same time 
a reminder in case people were surprised by the amount of stories has surfaced . it s so many more . 
has anyone seen the going around social media ? discusses it s meaning 
i promised myself that i would never be a victim but it is something that shaped me into the strong faith driven woman i am . rise
instant  message sorry  - every out there deserves an apology . most of them deserve many apologies . if you ve ever been .
anthony it s alec from facebook . first let me say . second i wanted to thank you and offer you my hugs and support . you rock .
then let s find this agreement ! just stop talking to and about victims of the way you did ! because you are hurting people and you don 't even notice !
i was tempted to point out they hypocrisy of their solidarity tweet . like their bernie messiah believes all women want to be raped .
now instant  message remembering several times . shocking how common place this is .
sen . elizabeth warren is the latest politician to join the movement  -
thank you for the follow instant  message humbled by your courage and honored and empowered by you .
the timing on this is not odd . women are pissed off and they are lifting up each others voices of abuse . poor idiot just doesn t understand the movement of women are over it .
there  s only one way to end sexual harassment : denial  of  normal  t tweet organize . 
me too . the first time i was about  . it was a relative who made a gross comment . this is a real problem . stop harassing us .
it s not a shame to a sexual victim . speak out . you keep quiet . then you let the vice thrive .
instead of saying or in addition pledge to take women seriously when they tell you what happened .
instant  message still not ready to talk about it online and that s okay . instant  message here for those of you who are .
ceo & other valley leaders share their thoughts on the movement :
social media posts show how many are impacted by sexual assault
there is something so powerful about women standing together against abuse .
.  nda s mous loyalty clauses and also those unity covenants in mega churches . what exactly needs to be considered in spectrum risk may be different than what you thought .
police building case to arrest harvey weinstein in sexual assault case
enjoyed sitting down with on and to discuss being a woman in the music industry and the movement ! xo s
so let s look at rose m who do drugs has an arrest warrant but that can be because of emotional issues . & while instant  message claiming soulmates me too .
take back the workplace marches storm hollywood
take back the workplace marches storm hollywood 
take back the workplace marches storm hollywood  -
take back the workplace marches storm hollywood  via
elizabeth smart speaks at by u after movement spreads on social media
okay this is still bugging me from earlier . i  ve had mixed feelings all day about and i know i  m not alone .
harassment like things will never happen if we obey our creators commands ! he knows best what he made and how it works !
we stand w / all who shared their stories through thanks to michelle rial for adding this perspective
) i booked it back to my desk grabbed my purse and left for a break . it was never addressed . tell me . who was i supposed to tell ?
instant  message thankful that started a much needed conversation again .
they did their best to break you . they didn t know how tough you are & that jesus would be with you all the way !
to all who have experienced harassment and abuse you are not alone . here are resources for swp a survivors :
first workplace sexual harassment i was  boss in his  4  0 s . first sexual assault was by a friend .
the campaign is powerful . but it may stir up painful feelings .  be gentle w / yourself . you are not alone . you are a holy being .
what will you do to end sexual assault on college campuses ? how long do we have to keep saying
he tried . he lied about the alcohol content . it was  . some of my male friends know this but are still okay hanging out with him .
talking about sexual harassment is messy people . now is the time to come together and support each other .
we say on behalf of every homeless youth thrown into exploitation abuse trafficking or survival sex .
we need to stop the with the what did she do .  mentality & focus it back to where it should lie the man who did the wrong .
movement stems from impunity and culture of silence senior official writes 
movement stems from impunity and culture of silence senior official writes .
because of the courage won from stories the president and i will oust a misogynist in our organization today . were taking action .
heartbroken about the allegations against jesse lacey . men are disappointing trash . i will no longer publicly support brand new and neither should you .
instant  message always on your side . i cannot believe some bastards are making fun of
the real grooming start with ( lear s incest : a chilling report : children offenders courts recovery by heidi vanderbilt ; lear pub (  ) why men do it : a pioneering study  
 me too  hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault stories
me too hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault stories
hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault stories
founder of the movement that she started over a decade ago for survivors of 
look at that . not one explosion . not one terrorist . meanwhile white men have been shooting up the country lately . and your name showed up under
i denial  of  normal  t want to be yet another man writing about how affects me 
meet the woman who founded the project  years ago and resources for support :
when a man follows your statement with i think what she means is .  i meant what i said and i don 't need you to translate for me .
who is for ? if you denial  of  normal  t already know the severity of the problem have you considered that you might be part of it ?
following don 't forget it was actually a woman of color who started the movement . 
this is a great list  - men please read and then do as it asks .  
year old truck driver remembering how much i loved entertaining people as a kid and will begin stand up soon .
top story : me too campaign goes global  see more 
i  m sexually harassed almost every day in some form or another . that  s the ( awful ) truth .
on democracy now ! this morning reminded us that isn t just a hashtag moment . it s movement work that must be sustained .
the hashtag make me happy that i don 't have a daughter . it also makes me want to kick the shit out of so many selfish men
if hillary had been elected do you think she would have taken position on movement had her own ?
woman are like bright stars they only want to be touched by the on who loves and takes care of them the sky
movement grows as more accusers make claims against celebrities politicians
sexual assault is dominating the headlines . take care of yourself survivors ! triggers are everywhere . we stand with you !
and when you think it has gotten better you get hit with another round of ptsd & severe depression
our angel pleads i don 't want to go to my grave with our angels song going unheard . follow me . let  me  know if you ll sing her
yep workplace violence expert reveals for the first time
there is a problem here in the uk tech world as well  - must  - read from our member 
mil ck releases new version of i can t keep quiet to support campaign ( video ) mil ck made .  via
so hopeful when i see people exposing hideous things that people and power have done to them
i have never spoken with anybody about my experience but know that there are thousands of people like me who you may never know struggle with this
this is why the campaign is .  these powerful people were very aware of the in & don 't c are . sorry just not buying the faux outrage . 
we all thought we were to blame . predators told us so . enablers told us so . god disagrees . they lose .
to all the people who ve asked why more women don 't come forward since started : stories like this are why 
how about all the that is happening under our social media noses to our young girls and women ?
i don 't think there s a woman alive who hasn t experienced at least a mild form of this and many have dealt with much more .
los angeles police are investigating harvey weinstein for rape . 
gabrielle union opens up about twitter campaign on grandma ( video )
instant  message happy that more men are sharing their experiences .  there is still so much bias .
maybe now that white hollywood made it public the voices of millions of women will be heard .
thank you tara na ! your time and efforts are so important to all of us . first time when i was  years old .
when not if it happens  2 u u won t want  2 b called a liar ! b careful who u lie  ! don 't  4 get all u have is your reputation . 
it s never your fault not for wanting to be alone with people not for what you wear not for what you say . no always means no .
i have no doubt .  and instant  message sure there are dozens .  hundreds .  more who won t even post
protect kids & in your district ( sen  ) it is time ny call him
the problem is not the victim but the perpetrator of the crime ! no one asks to be harassed . 
a1 : thank you for doing that & more power to you for being courageous enough to openly share with others . 
dear senator why do you feel this way towards a pervert like but not his majesty just saying .
instant  message done being ashamed and blaming myself for something i didn t do
i d like to know why adrian z med is staying silent about his exploitation s when he was young . his career tanked early .
if i don 't mention on my facebook wall don 't you ever know that the  of girls almost suffer with it and .
this message gets lost in the movement  - cnn video 
i think every man & every son should read this . it should be taught in all schools  - 
ps daisy  - again . we all get it . and you should take your own advice . you  reply anger is spilling all over the place .
and frankly even if they don 't feel comfortable posting i would be shocked if anyone who identifies as a woman doesn t have a story
> men you want to treat better ? here s a list to start with . over the 
to begin i feel that the movement is important and incredibly brave but here are my problems with it :
because it may help you to know that your brothers are with you in solidarity relative experience and understanding .
just had the exact harassment scene i wrote into a story occur . four men around who said nothing . not even bartender whom i respect .
check this out .  .  let me know what you think be honest and welcome to subscribe . for those using tag !
from childhood to adulthood . from victim to survivor to advocate to author . instant  message still here !
sex abuse victims struggle to lose pounds put on as protective measure 
hardest part about is that the number of women who don 't feel justified to speak out because that s that s just how guys are etc .
a year ago ids reporters shared their sexual assault stories with the hashtag now 
an associate member of the wooster group and buffalo native max bernstein joins asia gagnon for this part  - comic storytelling part  - multimedia exploration of victimhood and script  - flipping in the age of . tickets thurs   - sat
were u drugged by  upper merion kop graduate and raped he particularly like  do it in his car ? time  clear the air
stories being over heard where models and agents of sales being pressured to take meetings outside work hours
remember the is just not for sexual har res sment in the workplace . it  s for anyone who is also being rape harassed in their own home by their own famil
homeless man catcalling me while i walk to downtown is not the way to get money .
the hashtag is so heartbreaking . none of you ever deserved that . you re all so brave whether you shared your story or not
it s really the disgusting people who make things much harder than it should be resulting in those being easily uncomfortable .
judging about how many people mention men being the predators i had to give my two cents so men in general aren t all labeled the same .
i like how you put but you re actually the one who has sexually harassed people including me . hypo  - fucking  - crit
she wouldn t even do that much for me . i got up then . i got what i came for i said . i walked to the door . she asked me for hug .
just a few of the amazing and inspirational replies i got my posts regarding the campaign .  from awesome me 
it s a tragedy to know that  in  women are sexually assaulted before they become a college graduate .
love love love bless them all the violence these people deal with is disgusting and needs to stop now !   -  - 
please read this operator  - ed written by affiliate dr . nada elias  - lambert about the movement . 
retweeted wok v news ( congresswoman tells her own  me too  story urges other to come forward on .
i think they ve opened the tap for all victims . the rug is being pulled out from under predators and i love it .
once more for the people in the back also it s okay to feel your feelings & process . we are all on our own journeys of 
people are calling in right now to say one : when it all gets added up there are going to be millions .
as a survivor of sexual harassment and sexual assault it needs to end . no one should ever have to go through this .
on a lighter note here s something you should read : movement reveals feminism  s obsession with victimhood 
harvey weinstein robert scoble sorry after sex harassment charges  -
standing with the great women of the world and saying nobody has the right to violate 
when working when instant  message w / my daughter wearing gym clothes dressed up .
the first time i was sexually harassed i was in sixth grade out with my friend trick or treating ! happy halloween !
i was  when i was sexually assaulted . i was  when i was full  - figured than other girls . i said no but you push your way through .
taking this moment to say  - to learn more about & the experiences of women please do read
thank you to for this beautiful art  - personal iz able with your story .
to us telling ourselves to be in our own comfort zone when interacting with people we may regard to be different . i see a lot of /
sexual assault is never the victims fault even if it s by someone you know .
i admire you all for telling your stories . i am still not strong enough to tell mine .
harassment is scarring and is happening all day everyday . be a man . respect not harrass .
i believe you . it is not your fault . you are worthy of respect . you don 't owe anyone your story .
that would require people pressing charges and having evidence to prove it not solely just a post . 
the fascinating debate inside post movement : whose feminism is it anyway ?  via
if you entered the work force in the  9  0 s ( and of course before ad infinitum ) it  s rare not to have experienced harassment
now that more people are believing victims will more people believe anita hill ?
it s the season of glass houses for politician anyhow hopefully victims will receive acknowledgment and a long  - lasting voice . and well all be better for it .
i am amazed hasn t gone to linkedin yet . that is the online male bastion for pissing contests and workplace harassment is ignored .
hey do you have a story ? thoughts on how this  reckoning  is impacting people in our city ? is listening & providing an outlet !
as a woman & life  - long feminist i support over hillary who is corrupt . 
o  reilly had a deal with fox that he couldn  t be fired over harassment claims 
and to those who aren  t comfortable discussing your trauma know i love you and support you .
wow  - what a story . this is a long read but worth it for anyone interested in the 
saw a bunch of tags here & on so i looked up what it s for . and now instant  message feeling . and embarrassed to be man .
i feel victimized by your butt pictures . how dare think you are a bimbo to be fondled
this . all this . instant  message not ready to do more than type those words . my stories have defined who i am and it .
it  s terribly sad that we live in a world where more women than not can share one if not more stories .
never forget than the overwhelming majority of weinstein s victims have not come forward .
friendly reminder that actually started  years ago by a black woman .
curious whether the movement is starting convos with men about how they can support / take action ? have you had any ? who initiated ?
this guy gets it ! please read ! to the men on the other side of  via
experiences of sexism and harassment like these amount to real barriers and are among many that make our industry less diverse than it could be
i  m still learning that i denial  of  normal  t have to smile when a man makes me uncomfortable .  jennifer lawrence
local workplace violence expert reveals for the first time | wgl t 
local workplace violence expert reveals for the first time
kqed arts : by sharing your stories kqed news to get closer to the truth about the prevalence of this proble  
woman accuses of assaulting her at  i don't really care bye roy 
read about the upcoming community dialogue on the campaign happening at the museum this monday via
the steve jackson social media network and absolute premier ! social media experience . i ll spread the word locally to globally like wild
grabbed and forcefully tongued at work then forced to work with him after going to hour then written up almost fired over complaining
i expanded my thoughts on the campaign . instant  message essentially tired of begging you to change .
when idle men surround you in a public place to comment on your body and dress .
gab . artificial  intelligence  - so when is this story going to break ? good question ! 
as an aside i think it s gross that added one of those icons to the hashtag as though it were a holiday or blockbuster movie .
instant  message so proud of all the people who has kept trending
)  branch managers a regional manager and a guy who knew my dad . . said anything . reiterating instant  message  .
i don 't owe anyone my story but this hashtag shows that this is a bigger issue than i imagined .
physicists have been always been ones to speak up and speak out in matters of that needs to be further imbued esp reply
f that guy . as i said to this week i  ve had a hard time narrowing down which incident stands out the most . bleh .
have you used earlier cassidy williams wsbt asked this question . see her full story here : 
men are responding to the call with four words :  how i will change .  unbelievably sad that we are too many 
i am one of the fierce because of my experiences with sexual assault and harassment . time to speak up .
i  ve always thought & considered to be a relatively safer city but i guess there are stories everywhere
me too . too many times to begin to count . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted .
with permission instant  message sharing my cousins words on & acknowledging that i  have let sexual harassment slide knowingly and unwittingly .
companies have long coddled high  - profile harassers at the expense of victims . may begin to change that
amplifying the complaints having audience probably is a problem for man s playing spoiled customs
it was years ago that i realized was more like it seemed everyone i knew had a story . stories .
the backlash was terrible when i came out against my sister who assaulted me .
it wasn t despite so many saying so flattering or a kind of compliment . i knew then what i know now it was about keeping me down .
when i told my psychologist even though i was unconscious when it happened the lines are fuzzy because we had kissed hours before .
is an offense that  s unfortunately becoming a comfortable habit for sick minded individuals . about time happened .
not everyone is in a position to say don 't forget . there are people whispering it to themselves who can t post for any reasons
i  ve been reading them & they  ve brought me to tears . thank you for sharing these stories 
in  women experience sexual harassment at work .  in  women also experience assault by an intimate partner .
yes me too and that s why i kill bill that s why i tell people you should never go looking for a 
should be mandated to give at a minimum of  billion back to the victims . and imprison every pervert that covered up crimes of 
not sure i know any women who haven t been sexually harassed in one way or the other .
the is interesting insofar as the fact that i believe every woman has a story . i wonder if some of us have chosen to reframe .
instant  message horrified by the social structures that have been erected to keep women in second place .  )
. calls attention to the campaign in her acceptance speech . art is vital in today  s world .
my take on the allegations response & why women don 't speak up when it happens .
congresswoman tells her own  me too  story urges other to come forward on capitol hill
congresswoman tells her own me too story urges other to come forward on capitol hill
we asked experts how the movement can help sexual assault victims
as a man i can feel the sadness underneath all the anger . instant  message sorry .
were sick of racism . if the hashtag was extended to being a victim of racism every piece of crap in the u . s . would say every . single . one .
and instant  message always fighting for you   all while i fight for me . it s easier if you open your mouths . 
and now in media i am actually being kept from a supposedly all woman protecting list because this broad don 't like me so i'm going to not
prof ted go ur ne los on good day orlando with talking about movement
about time twitter suspends account of trump ally affirmative stone usa 
i am glad that has crete d a platform to ideologically challenge the status quo but we need more than just to talk about it
us senators are sharing their stories right now on powerful stuff .
) the world as the ca dry of women has proved is hostile to women in work places . period .
i lost count how many times this happened to me in the  years i worked at walgreens . men . 
from age  never leave your child unattended especially with people who are highly respected .
one woman in the online coaching industry said that those that are assaulted harassed etc . energetically brought it on themselves
my university said i wasn t allowed to know if he was still on campus for both of our safety even though i was the victim .
because nothing being done after reporting an assault feels like being assaulted all over again
so commonplace working in retail i often don 't until after  - last time i told a guy off he threatened to complain to my manager
if you are shocked by how many you know are saying remember each  me too  represents a lifetime of incidents not just one .
you should be ashamed of yourselves sisters . eso eci ally after this week . instant  message out .
gombe rg : social media campaign against victimization wasn t perfect but it still rocked my world
. shares her horrific molestation story as part of  me too  protest 
when i  have told people they ask why didn t you tell a flight attendant or move but i was physically trapped .
i was lucky only to be grabbed by my arms & kissed against my will . how did your victims feel ?
so there s a story those students could tell that you opt to ignore the victims were male .
former television anchor says spacey sexually assaulted her son 
months ago one man started the current campaign ! .
ogilvy india managing partner on the campaign : there are some experiences that are just part of growing up  
discrimination in tech and other top gender stories of the week
before anyone makes a comment of course i am not a woman but i strongly support this encourage .
if anyone is still asking why the movement is so important just read the comment section in this story . 
your story is yours alone . whether you choose to share it or not is up to you . regardless your story still matters .
honestly ? i  have been saying for years ; you   all still aren t listening . instant  message tired .
every woman i know has been harassed or assaulted . there are weinstein  s in every profession  - no difference in progressive circles .
lehigh valley : did you post on social media ? we d like to hear from you . contact michelle merlin or
.  we stand with all the brave people who have shared their experiences . many more remain unshared .  
we stand with all the brave people who have shared their experiences . many more remain unshared .
with hopes my daughter  s generation won  t have to face it alone or thank you
so why is it that you have an issue with it  s a way for women who have been abused to come together and show support each other
me too should be exposing abuse of minors as priority which occurs way too much because of crap politicians and laws
but i do support those posting i couldn t help but think last night at the windy west tribute at .
it s all a movie . starring their ideal narcissistic model life which they want   to keep imposing in education s of roles 
but unfortunately my story is not one i am able to share at this time in my life .
- i hope we can live in a world where women can speak up without fear or consequence !
how can anyone be surprised at the scal responses to it s everywhere all the time . everyone s responsibility to do something
sunny !  what are your demands for return ? are there policies and practices that need to be changed before you come home ?
hate to say it but with highlighting all this behaviour maybe it  s time to look at that whole situation again .
i was raped when i was  sexually harassed when i was  and a few days after i turned  . i ll never get over it all i can say is
i get it . i  have perpetuated it . instant  message guilty . all the  - that s on us guys . it s on me . so i own it . i want it to end .
for all the times i  ve felt unsafe uncomfortable or violated . i shouldn  t have to feel it just for being a woman . none of us should .
if you re in crisis or need help please reach out  .  . hope or
the first time i recall is being  and having the bus . owner massage my shoulders whilst re calling a dream about  us  in the shower .
i was molested while i was in elementary i was sexually assaulted while i was in college . i still have problems deal in with it .
still posting : anyone want to read the letter sent to employers by minimum wage employees ? there are millions of them . 
thank you ! your words were on point on & his horrific conduct being accepted & not challenged ! keep being you !
new us federal bill proposes sex assault interview skill training  police . 
each and every time i read linda sarsour i cringe . she is hate . she is disgust . her words are harassment ! sorry :
as much as instant  message feeling & appreciating all of the what we really need is an outpouring of accountability matters .
a guy i almost dated a very long time ago threatened suicide if i didn t send him nudes .
/ i want to say  - i have two experiences i would like to share with you   all where i have been the victim of sexual assault .
he just all lives matter  d the movement . i just .  i can  t handle the ego of the straight male . 
never underestimate your power we are powerful beings it takes a couple of to the world
is powerful because survivors speak out  -  - let s be sure to discern between genuine victims & faux  - feminists . 
any human who has ever felt sexually harassed or violated is a victim !
more than once if all the women ( and men ) who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote as a .
un  - followed robert scoble  - interestingly i had  mutual followers . joining the movement  - all in to stop and bring change .
here s why you might see some people in your facebook and twitter feeds posting
wait don 't tell me : men told female journalists that right ?
people use social media to draw attention to assault & harassment w / | more : 
thank you for being brave and sharing . i see you god bless you .
reading through the tweets and i applaud all those who have shared their stories you are not alone .
this is awful . underage girls who are pregnant can t get an abortion : how many do you think would have a story to tell ? 
if you have participated in the hashtag we applaud your bravery for coming forward and support you
. your opening monologue this week about the scandal and the campaign was poignant and vulnerable . thank you .
rt as harassment claims hit the church of england it  s an institution still steeped in sexism 
retweeted buddy project ( everyone sharing their story for should be proud of themselves .
despite the announcement from about the upcoming changes ( which don 't go far enough ) disappointed to not see in my trends
important steps you can take when faced w / at work from firm founder 
1 stop  that time : i was  . he was  and the leader of a gang of bullies at school that kept beating me up . teachers & admins did nothing .
stories of sexual abuse and harassment are coming out as the campaign spreads .
okay .  those are not threatening or harassing . sorry not up on the entire story & i am a but those prove zilch .
read this and earlier posts . we will discuss and more about hashtag activism 
two girls sitting next to me at a cafe are both talking about how they ve been sexually harassed . it is so uncomfortably common .
really eye  - opening stories from and incredibly disturbing . 
activist started the hashtag . let s please include her in the narrative
it took me  + years tell my story . going to leave this with because my story is so much more than  characters : 
the humans  - bbc news  - i asked if i could kiss her  - one man responds to 
people are standing up and we are grateful that social media has made such an impact w .
prominent christian leaders say their courage sends the message we are the church & what   ever been there too .
i can see how can be traumatizing and open wounds for a lot of people . be extra nice to people today .
and some of what happened to me no matter how simple it may seem to some people remains anchored in my mind forever .
raped if he didn t see all of the bloody water in the tub & drips on the floor . we aren t safe long enough to bathe . did i want that ?
twitter flooded stories top prof in my field at  job interv w
s . e . cupp and all  - female panel share stories :  an anchor grabbed my ass 
s . e . cupp and all  - female panel share stories :  an anchor grabbed my ass  | mediaite 
s . e . cupp and all  - female panel share stories :  an anchor grabbed my ass  it was pure co inc i .  via
s . e . cupp and all  - female panel share stories : an anchor grabbed my ass  via
yes why not prosecute the pussy grabber the vietnam sex addict the child sex offender ? prosecute homework and double   team . 
the lingering effects and triggers after becoming a victim is torturous . yet i choose to be a voice for those who can  t speak up .
keep sexual abuse stories coming please
it is like a burden . a heavy secret to carry . and i know that heavy secrets are harmful and bad for health .
i wanted to get away but i couldn t . let s stop the exploitation of girls who can t speak out .
i know it  s late but because of my military service i  m a victim . oh god !
laugh all you want . get a good chuckle when your face is on the news .
hey snapchat : what about the rewards social  - media creates decide the quality of the things we see . 
for all of the stories please also remember that there are some of us who have to remain quiet about our experiences .
in the vein instant  message docking my over drivers rating for if i had known i would get to drive all pretty ladies i d have signed up sooner
i was sexually molested by female cousin who baby set when i was  .
we beg you to continue to come forward . you are either a collaborator the perpetrator or a victim if you know something .
not a victim but a stronger woman ! let s rise against it together . protect others .
this needs to be a time of true social and cultural change .
meet the who started the campaign against a decade ago 
 . take them all down  - rich n white or black or striped doesn  t make it right : no leniency remove them n charge
no discounting at all . has a message . what happened to you is dreadful but unrelated to what prompted the sexual abuse awareness post
u should get to know more liberals . we do not defend any abusers : clinton & trump 
unless we are already reading stories of over and over compound our own even more we don 't need to be convinced it s happening . we already know first hand it does 
i cried when i discovered we were having a girl  - i was scared to death for her . i know what it s like .
the fact is that these things happen before you even have the time to grasp the concept of defending yourself .
when you want to look nice but don 't want to be stared at like a piece of me at or cat  - called .
] that divorce from the man who physically attacked me  times by choking shoving me from moving car
to okay here i go . my first public admittance of my experiences with sexual abuse . i 
doing my bit in this movement . feel united beyond all borders .
i was talking about asia argento & her accusation weinstein raped her a long with other women in the movement
okay but we got to keep women away from are children
conservative media void of analysis of except predictably missed the point . we see your silence .
if you ve known me for a while you already know my story . too many of us have them . stand up without shame ladies .
it s been known for years that misogyny has allowed for to thrive in . support members of movement to enact
so what you re saying is that if i had rtt part i bok nothing would ve happened to me ? !  holy crap .
ladies & men time to speak up and out about the atrocities that happened to you through abuse :
i know that i dissociate a lot . it s related to my i try very hard not to but you can t always help it .
it wasn t that  bad so .  yeah no . it counts . if you re sitting there wondering ? this is what rape culture does . it counts .
harassment and assault aren  t always things that just happened behind closed doors or that involve one victim and one assailant .
at a party because he thought i was passed out and i was too drunk to know what was going on .
believe the cosby survivors . remove his star on walk of fame . 
a woman discloses her assault as part of guy bullies her and calls her hysterical . really . 
more than anyone imagines . and back in the day we didn t talk about it we took it . and cried ourselves to sleep .
how about all you   all men write instead for each time you   all sexually harassed a woman
.  female faculty i barely knew suggesting i get breast reduction . all rape culture .
creator of the campaign is out here in marching with hundreds in this campaigns march right now
in  this  thread : whether you re saying or to yourself  or hearing someone else say me too how to access support : 
my condolences . this issue is widespread and the cure is respect and responsibility . can people handle it ?
it seems to me that they were more worried about their careers than saying something earlier . i have a real problem with that .
my sister  s husband started playing a game by chasing me around the house . it always ended with his finger inside me . i was  .
my and my are the same story . i was molested at  and i am sad to even think about the pain it still brings me .
how many men out there who have been abused but aren t posting are being treated like ignorant abusers for that decision ? yeah . me too .
movement is rising my thoughts goes to stieg l books the girl with the dragon tattoo and the trilogy  million copies says it all
just gave us a master class in communication  - two powerful words united millions of people . here s why .
just gave us a master class in communication : two powerful words united millions of people . here s 
i love she s a much needed breath of fresh air in the world of trump s mouth pollution .
every . single . female . has a story . males have them too . surprised ? change it .
live at : talks about founding the movement  years ago as a succinct form of empathy
california congresswoman shares story in the hopes of inspiring congressional staffers to do the same .
fifth woman accuses roy moore of child molestation  
because after boys yelled lewd things at me for the majority of my senior year i still think it s somewhat my fault .
some men took to twitter to graciously respond to the campaign . must read ! 
i was  years old but i never told my parents or anyone . it was a traumatic event so i made myself to never talk about it 
to all the women who are brave enough to start this important conversation i salute you . thank you 
love this by and so far with the  1 stop  that three comments : of course . dear men : it  s you too
someone tried to have their way with me on nye before my  1  9 th birthday on  .  he ripped my shirt and .
it  s sad that men will only leave you alone sometimes if you say  i have a boyfriend . 
i  ve been contemplating this .  : mostly because the people i trusted the most to tell didn  t support me . but i  ll fight against this .
i just didn t want to talk to any one . i felt like it was my fault for being vulnerable . i was asleep .
will investigate  cause serial assaulter denial  of  normal  t change their stripes .  
delighted to be going on today at  et ! tune in for a great show
thank you for the movement i hope you get all the credit you deserve .
the viral campaign is fostering awareness but it can trigger victims of here s how to respond .
how we can use to educate young people to change the culture around sex 
as a child . as an adolescent . as a teen . as an adult . whether by word or by deed it is never okay . speak up . speak out .
today at glow kickball man on opposing team says to woman on ours : so you like being tied up ? seriously ? didn t teach you anything ?
i literally can  t think of a woman who hasn  t been sexually harassed or assaulted .
) i hope you get better robert . are you kidding me ? is this what turned into ? showering sex offenders with encouragement ?
watched on television and facebook . one major clarification started campaign . amplified it .
i hate it because mine involves my uncle from age   -  and never told anyone until after he died last year and i only told my sister
i did found out  of us girls age  our band direct . w his hand on our thighs during pervert lessons . i didn  t know it was wrong .
proud of all the people opening up and showing how wide spread this is
excellent . we need names so we can push for real change 
obviously something needs to change and if you can  t see that you are the problem .
why didn  t we tell someone then ? maybe i did . i was kicked out . maybe everyone else already called me a liar . i can handle you
i know i was joking earlier but the concert was a truly spiritual experience . i lost it when praying was performed live .
if it s not helping their cause don 't look for people to defend your being . everybody ain t for you . darling z .
freshman year of headshot . i thought we were friends i guess i misunderstood . i didn t want to .
sexual assault takeaways from the movement via such a great read ! thank you !
instant  message also against islamic terror uncivilized muslims which are intolerant & uneducated . supporting your twits instant  message calling to ban
wow . seeing more blow back regarding this morning than i d imagined there would be . i don 't know if this .
by people who could not have been more different from one another . muslim atheist piece of crap white conservative leftist endless range .
for the first time in nearly  years and i am asking her to tell me that i am not worthless . and do you know what twitter ?
just watched video and bawled my eyes out thank you for being an inspiration to everyone and we love you
leadership coach on why the campaign has taken such force : those with influence stepped forward .
cosby and weinstein get awards taken away . while they give them to 
i was  u lived & took advantage that i wouldn  t know it was wrong . i grew up thinking i was messed up & would always be because u .
nice to see support for survivors the movement and rally on the convention floor
what a wasted interview from on with sheila nevins hollywood career had nothing to say besides  i didn  t know .  un informative . unhelpful . embarrassing .
to those who tweeted  - or who are thinking it but are not ready to be out as assault survivors  - i stand .
opened this to read it but immediately closed it . that photo . that happened to me in a newsroom . will read when i stop shaking .
didn t realize we were sharing stories yday ; i was too busy being asked by a random stranger in soma do you like to f * * * ?
i watched her go back into the world like she was all alone . i couldn t even get myself to whisper .  me too 
it s too bad when there are certain people who aren t here any more whom you wish could be here to share in this day .
it was normal . when i was an actor i changed direction . didn t want to be part of that game .
agreed . it is on us to do better and model better behavior for our sons and students . 
we support you thank you for having the courage to speak up . fists are raised for you .
any place , anywhere,  anytime : . is an amazing tool & resources for survivors to share their stories & connect with others
in  1  0 th grade a man sexualized my school uniform on the text  the cell if there  s anyone who deserves to be counted right now it  s the monsters 
the is so important because whether they talk about it or not every woman has a story . what   ever all been affected and it needs to stop
i screamed no no stop . please stop . he wouldn t . he was much heavier and stronger than me . i couldn t get free . i cried .
 being a strong person . i only writ about what i know . my only act was  survive | heal .
it s not over . this man is from the home of coming to los angeles . imagine that 
/ as an aside i can t help but think and sexist treatment is an unspoken cause for the leaky pipeline in science .
your story might be in public or private but you always deserve to feel safe .
me too . while working for day of  defeat ag reception battalion benning i was sexually harassed by soldiers daily . it changes you
although people may have full a wear nes with it but it won t be solved until they start to defend the victim !
for those of you who have experience sexual harassment and assault . if you reply you don 't have to share a story just reply 
things i don 't need ; associating my rapes & molestation s to disgusting organization .  
i refer  this as the where the problem alone or in related parts doesn t have a functional path of response in community .
if so many people are saying we need to be serious about how many have perpetrated this kind of shit
i believe it . we want to share our ideas & proposals to end malfeasance yet politicians prefer status quo & law firms are connected .
an employee was harassed by our client . i was harassed by my  + year old boss in the dark room .
now that i have written a detailed story on facebook i am going to watch spider  - man  and eat pasta .
like this sunrise i will rise above the people who have hurt me by taking away pieces of me .  no means no love to all
is such an important hashtag to trend . cannot stress more how imperative it is to address it and accept this problem .
for those of you who can t raise your voice out of fear or choice know that those of us who can stand with you .
i was a cart girl one summer & was made to get out of my cart to spin in a circle so the clubs wealthiest member could take a look
in today  s globe : and it s impact raytheon exec up for army post lavishes congress with cash more .
together we take action to protect donate dollars to support change
the first time i was physically harassed in public i felt so shameful that it ruined my whole day .
survivors  march : it  s hard to talk about what  s happened to you .  for women and for 
even is wrong ! my first time was at  years old and i will never forget the it continues to today .
reposting the article i wrote about my story this past summer . it  s so brave to say 
hundreds of times as a music ia in la . time to end this shit !
thank   you tara na burke creator of movement 
growing up in india + woman = default being on high alert and always on the edge in crowded places is exhausting .
for every time i avoided social events because i was afraid you d follow me home again .
this could happen to anyone and it has happened to many of us once in life . it has scarred us but our scars are our signs of strength .
coming up at  on  -  - speaks out as part of the campaign . her story this morning .
we ask our men & boys to be better .  look at their role models .
anti  - semitism male chauvinism islamophobia racism are  dirty coins all must be fought against 
for every there is a woman who feels her story isn  t legitimate enough to add their voice . hear this it is .
more than half of the world s fucking population . that s all instant  message saying .
i know men who legitimate used someone saying  what about men ( in gender ) ?  they being shut down because that  s  what about ism  .
help with our campaign as we continue our work on domestic violence . 
i can still see the shrivelled up old penis of some man in a car who needed directions . i was  .
how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement 
how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement
rt to women who are survivors of violence we hear you and we believe you .
many of us have a story because congress has been a hostile workplace for far too long . it must stop . it s time
 tonight with denial  of  normal lemon  discussion about sexual harassment sexual offending .
i remember when betsy devos invited survivors to the department of education . they told her she rescinded policies that helped them .
attitudes like yours are exactly the reason why we need the campaign . your misogyny is showing .
let  s stop blaming ourselves and speak up . this must stop so sad to see that one is not alone in this feeling of helplessness . 
weinstein accuser says spy allegations are terrifying  - bbc news 
i denial  of  normal  t even remember what i had on . it was that insignificant . i just know he was supposed to be my friend
it s been a mix of emotions to see the overwhelming response to sad upset 
in the middle of the / viral phenomenon as the head of just for laughs resigns in sex assault scandal just for us in qc .
to clarify that was probably just the * first  * time i experienced that crap . to the nth degree reply : how many times i did since then .
have enough stories been told now to make a difference ? do you see why we have had enough ? do you get why we don 't want your dms ?
( i promise to speak out against toxic masculinity and the pervasive culture of apathy .
the holier than thou figures in religious community s r not exempt from committing acts of abuse it happens & victims must be believed
the  1 stop  that time i was held hostage in my bedroom for  days the  2 and i was leaving work late at night . thank   you
the hashtag needs another always paired with it : too many hollywood only one so far ( homework ) . out the rest of them .
i could stay silent and deal with the abuse or quit and salvage what dignity i thought i had . i quit and it still haunts me . 
. shares story  a chief of staff forcibly kissed her on the mouth when she was congressional staffer 
cnn : isn t new . but this time survivors hope things will be different
wow . was so excited to see your  1 stop  that mlb at bat . disappointed you re a sexist pig . should give you fielding advice .
- brilliant panel on and today . what an amazing discussion  - thank you !
i like the focus on what do we do to change the culture ; don 't think it s necessary to criticize the in the process .
he told me to come talk to him when i cut out of church early . i said no and he chased me with a knife as i rode terrified away .
you know it s quite profoundly easy to start just by saying sorry
first time i was  he was  + coworker who wanted to discuss our sex lives in graphic detail .
oh i can testify to this ! & much much more ! instant  message only now healing it s taken  years to begin the process
which includes the time a dr . ( who s now dead ) said he was bummed i had a cold because he couldn t kiss me . made nurse stay in room .
have you been a part of this movement ? hear from a victim who overcame sexual abuse and a counselor 
patting woman s rears in good nature manner . of  my  fucking god . this is not how the world works . 
because this happens to me all the fucking time even when my actual boyfriend is right next to me
how can i help ? what do you need ? instant  message here to listen . don 't be a bystander if she tells you .
this am used the famous v  - j day in times square image in the same digest as a story . but the photo is of a sailor forcing a kiss on a nurse  -  - it s a story not to be celebrated : 
we the people should be grateful to & who exposed the truth about a corrupt politico who rigged undermining democracy . the matters my friends . 
as long as there  s no allegations against i think i  ll survive the week .
men abused me got away with it  - working woman to climb the latter
when year boss declares he  loves  u soon afterwards same  another female colleague and u both end up morally harassed for saying no
important context for  - it s been a rallying call for  years and was started by a black woman : 
read the full story on the web log . link in bio .
sucks . let  s talk scream change laws examine morals whatever it takes to end this .
 perhaps because they felt peer pressure to join the bandwagon .  as if that  s a club any woman who is not in wants to be in . 
people saying they re tired of news .  they don 't realize it s changing the paradigm globally 
can we really believe sen warren about she lies about everything .
and this isn t some bandwagon but when you even have the potus doing this despicable behavior you know it all needs to come to light .
i told hour . he was fired . i had a fancy job title . he was cleaning staff . had it been the other way around would i have said anything ?
join the conversation about the campaign . tweet email or call
voices rise against w / movement : this groundswell of conversation going
campaign of appears to have undercurrents in place which could lash back in some certain ways . who acts ? 
everything exists when you google it | meet the man with two penises ( not  safe for  work photo )  via
wow the ep made me feel less alone in my confusi o survivors don 't owe them their stories .
hrc & bill clinton supporters are silent regarding the multiple women who said bill clinton raped them ? how come ? !
anyone who has ever sexually harassed or assaulted anyone should be getting nervous . courage in numbers .
of the  other girls i was tight with in high school only  had never been sexually assaulted . the rest of us had been .
these chau venis tic pigs are the reason we are talking about and for women . women need to speak up to stop these
retweeted usa today ( why is taking over your social media feeds . .
to all that have come forward with your strength is an inspiration for us all . this is a problem and we need to start the dialogue .
the shame depression & sadness that comes a long w / hiding our can change when we stand up & say it s
heartbroken at how many friends already shared some like me needed more time . not a club i want to be in but i am .
the discussion about weinstein is very important these days . because this is a problem in the whole wide .
from  : what does the campaign tell us about sexuality in ireland ? comedian joins us in studio we hear from a limerick man who will climb one of the tallest mountains in the world and much more
bbc are looking for young diverse couples to talk about the recent campaign
because i already did it elsewhere  -  - we need to change how we talk about sexual assault and harassment .
story  : a boss asked if i was pregnant when i was frustrated rather than taking me seriously because instant  message cranky when pregnant .
i was distracted by fun stuff going on in my life this weekend for a change but yes
a female president of a fortune  one lifted her shirt on the office floor and pointed at her stomach and said to me  what do you think  ?
thank you . i had a similar experience when i was a kid and you made me realize that i am not alone .
if you have experienced anything in the range of sexual violence we are here for you if you want support . we believe you .
as a wedding photog i was told to get used to it when a groomsman went too far . i was a teen and that was only the first time .
even if you have not been a victim of sexual assault i guarantee you know people who have been even if they may never tell you .
the number of posts i see on my facebook is both less surprising and more depressing than i expected .
until people get this word down and hold expectations to protect the public by banning it it combines with for disaster and more
alicia vikander among nearly  swedish actresses calling out sex abuse in film theater  via
sexually abused as a child . recently cyber stalked by abuser .
chiming in late with the because i realized feeling like my stories aren t bad enough is a symptom of rape culture
it took me over a year to realize what happened to me was rape even though he made me almost bleed to death & need surgery + transfusion
the number of posts in my timeline makes me angry . some might see this as a flaw . i prefer to think of it as a feature .
i know it s late but it was too difficult to admit that boys like me have had a troubled childhood and they ve had moments as well .
and thank you to everyone for sharing your experiences . it  s the only way to stop incorrigible is key ! 
trump may withdraw drug czar nominee ; floods social media (  things to know for tuesday )
my facebook memory today was from that far simpler time when our concern was with it s too bad that now it s
starting at  my stepfather molested and assaulted me after telling me this was  normal  intimacy . it confused me for years .
survivors don 't come forward because you either blame them or you don 't believe them prosecute moore and every scum defending this 
get a lawyer so that he has to get the fucking therapist ( part   - legal action )
so glad you are helping to being awareness . i know so many and am thankful i have not been but my wife has .
but instant  message kind of tired of talking about me . support
don 't tell anyone . there s no need to make someone feel uncomfortable sometimes the truth is uncomfortable .
rt bbc_ have your say : i kissed her she said no . i will never let those impulses take hold of me again  - one man s response to 
/ as he sat with his legs open he rolled up so close his crotch pressed against my knees . i moved my knees out of the way .
gabrielle union champions the movement and talks about raising black sons
gabrielle union champions the movement and talks about raising black sons  via
instant  message listening t everything you all have to say . instant  message so sorry for what you ve been put through .
via in the midst of the movement asks why aren t churches and communities taking a lead in combating a bus iv behavior ? 
for many is a trigger . this is worth a read if that  s you or you want to understand why this can be tough .
this weeks episode : the rock  s opens an ad agency & the movement  -
the reason why i stayed silent for  years about intellectual abuse in grad school was anger .
that begins with feeling the pain endured by everyone who says by acknowledging that it affects everyone & fixing it benefits all  /
newsweek should not publish such a story .  especially with the bye headlines & lack of info to follow  . not cool & it  s not
although lots of us are sharing snippets of our experiences you don 't owe anyone your story for their awareness .
applies to guys & girls : if someone is declining your advances at all that is not an invitation to kick it up a notch . back off now .
aww bless your heart . you think  million payout is not serious ? i hope you never have to post
fear of should never be on a woman s list for reasons to take birth control  via
i  m watching now sian as usual ! many mps know who the perpetrators are but have never said a word . seems to be having an effect !
i don 't think i  have ever met a woman or girl who hasn t at least experienced it once .
thank you for your bravery i was also asleep on the couch . i was  and it was my best friend  s dad . 
take away danielle p let ka  s membership card as a woman in the human race ! shame !
just sharing my for the times i  have cried with friends over this kind of bullshit .
so proud to see our friend leigh gilmore addressing tonight in powerful perspectives ! 
.  but i will always stay inclusive . partly because that s the only way we can bring men into the conversation . and that s important .
the ringing bell of the dirty ice cream man got me running out of our house . i was young and not tall .
anyone in the are a taking part in the me too movement ? trying to interview someone supporting the movement !
anyone else think the men using are taking the spotlight away from survivors and doing the exact opposite of the trend ?
happens so of t one forgets . just recalled time i made man leave swing dance after yet another groping incident ( not me that time )
after ignites social media against sexual assault and harassment :
to guys and others fortunate to not have a story i suggest shutting up listening and keeping track of the overwhelming count .
women chime in on social media as assault harassment victims with   
thank you guys for posting this new beautiful instagram photos for today
happy to see that ms . burke the sister who started the movement is being recognized on msnbc
we should start listening to the message and not so quick to dismiss the messengers it s a disservice turn a blind eye to
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might size the problem .
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might size the problem
one could argue the signs are everywhere telling us all to look out for each other more : high rates of & join the movement . 
harvey weinstein de niro why now ? revolution . you are not going to like the answer and they are censoring posts . vaccines injure
moore is different because :  ) republican ( he s one of us argument )  ) evangelicals ( we have all sinned we forgive him )  ) sudden campaign changing the rules . 
i am the evidence that you don 't have to be pretty or dress a certain way to be harassed .
i was  . he was  . i was in a park . like a kid should be . first of  times in my life .  different offenders ages  to  .
i was sexually assaulted . no one cared . he got away with it . ( unfortunately ) not a new story .
same .  every woman i have ever known has been sexually harassed at some point in her life .
i was  or  he was a family friend pinned me down on his bed i screamed over & over to let me go he did but i never forgot
millions of stories ! from  1 stop  that grade through  1  2 th phys ed for females should be self  - defense & tactical defense classes . weaker sex no more !
i went through from   -  . it affects me every day . it affects my kids . all because no body stopped it before it was too late . (  )
i don 't want to post a story . i want to post a hey you filthy excuse for a human being story .
knowing people i care about have been hurt too is breaking my heart
why do you top executive office people only go on ? is it now our state media ? 
years ago a man in his  6  0 s made unwanted references to what was under my skirt : while i was sitting next to my  y . o . daughter
and if cops denial  of  normal  t believe you . keep going .
i was told by a supervisor once if i had his money i could look incredible . not mentioning all the shoulder rubs and back pats .
so so inspired by this am after learning she s been for a decade . learn more + support her work : 
varying levels of severity . too many times to count . and instant  message one of the lucky ones .
i believe that this trend is actually a genuine problem . without going into the soul tion or details i .
is such an important hashtag and more people should be aware of what it means and that it  s for everyone .
in response to  we all have to decide if we want a culture that tolerates rape or not .  full . stop .
there were other times in this girls life where yelling wouldn t cut it . where they would continue anyway .
calling out government rape enablers via sharing until goes to jail
gavin pol one on harvey weinstein and who s to blame : accomplices must be exposed  - the hollywood reporter 
you advertise with sean hannity who attacks the victims of child molesters . please stop enabling this abhorrent behavior . until you do i will stop buying your products & urge my friends to do the same .
biggest insight of this campaign is caching myself thinking  i denial  of  normal  t blame them i  m so fabulous  . stops me being fabulous i  ve realised .
i was a victim of being sexually assaulted . for a long time i didn  t discuss it because 
my molestation story is removed from facebook because they protect a sex offender over the victim
here yeah go rebel nation !  our very own kelly english out here taking a stand . so proud !  
then the hospital broke hippa and told my ( mentally unstable ) mother i was assaulted . she used it against me when we got in fights .
who has a to share ? send it to me . i want you to get your voice heard . and we are scheduling more me too : .
since childhood . at school in the street at work on holidays . every woman  s daily battle .
guys it s time  think turn inwards act like gentlemen as there are many  learn from 
male or female speak up . you re not alone and you deserved to be heard .
to all the courageous voices sharing their story with a it s never the victims fault 
just a few months ago with incredible support . and other times in silence .
an old man sat next to me on the bus said i was very pretty and had nice braces . he rubbed my leg . i was  .
when we questioned their lack of responce we were told by security  it  s a club these things happen  . 
me too . the deepest most long  - lasting & pervasive pain that i  have ever experienced is the one i almost never speak about .
i should not have to put my sorrows on display for the world to see to prove my to be taken at my word . you shouldn t either . 
before we anoint mitt romney as savior of gop recall that he strongly backed cong . candidate in mass . facing sex allegations 
when i grow up i want   to be like harvey weinstein please come we fight
. there are times in life when we have to take a stand and speak up . now is one of them . growing up i was .
a family friend when i was  was dancing with me very provocatively and tried to kiss me in the mouth he was an elderly man
even though  of men aren t rapists it s important as a that i remind you men to not rape . stop the patriarchy  .
instant  message a little bit late to join the conversation but
learned a hard lesson at the beach at  when a grown man tried to pick me up
if you were sexually harassed by donald trump please join our gathering in houston 
i felt violated when said women  - grab them by the p .  and i felt every woman on the planet shudder at his assault . yeah !
i  ve been hiding from it because that  s the society we live in . it  s time for everyone to step tf up . it  s time this stops .
good point  - were putting the on us on the those who are harassed not those who are doing the harassing . 
yet instant  message so heartened by everyone who s able and choosing to speak out . we are not to blame .
all those times that i chose to move on and not even acknowledge that i was a victim because that was the easiest way out . yes .
old coworker got my the internal phone list and without introduction started texting me about how attractive he found me .
when you re sitting in starbucks writing your me too post and you start tearing up because the world sucks and .
my girls got  hear  nz legends sing a powerful song that embodies the movement so well
earliest memory :  4 th grader taking out the trash & was wearing tank & shorts . neighbor told cops he thought i was over  .
i hope this study will create a dialogue about domestic violence at work
let s discuss so that our children don 't have to hide & can speak out against it happening to them . what   ever had
the campaign is heart breaking and scary .  sad to see this .
take back the workplace marches draw hundreds in la
kolkata police joins the movement with a hard  - hitting post and it  s a must read  via
when hits home via responding to children and adolescents who have been sexually abused
recent social media trend has reignited my love and appreciation for this song .
truth harvey weinstein de niro why now ? revolution . you are not going to like the answer 
no woman should ever have to fight off pigs like this .  ex . disgusting predators
this week amid all the of social media i found myself remembering not only times in my life when i .
we have a responsibility to make sure that all people are treated with the respect they deserve .
so glad to see come out of hopefully this is real progress in the making 
it s happened to so many people i know . the workplace is rife with too many stories and too many predators .
people pain is being acknowledged . bonds are being formed . people feel heard . all of these things are important and transformative
i was molested as he turned toward my sister . after he told me he would kill my family if i told .
or .  make a wonderful cup of joe on your machine & call the number to tell them they stand for something crucial 
i was   - year  old & had snuck out when i was assaulted by a strange man on my street . he tried to knock me unconscious & rip off my pants .
i still see him around campus . i panic every time . i denial  of  normal  t even think he realizes what he did .
black woman tara na burke founded the movement
black woman tara na burke founded the me too movement  - 
thanks so much for all you do ellen ! you are one classy lady and such an asset to all . i will add my voice today
great leadership shown by ceo bill morrow in response to campaign .
retweeted zico ( me too plus  of my daughters  - i was told i deserved it at  because of the way i smiled at him
first time publicly sharing and i can still think about his warm clammy palm on my hand the heat of his chest pressed to my back .
million women told their story of sexual assault with now people are using 
literally crying not because i  m sad but because for once in my life i feel like i  m not alone in this .
the whole world has this problem not just harvey weinstein and wall street .
a random man groped my crotch from behind on don 't c are union station metro escalator  - still regret not confronting him
as a  year old a man exposed himself to me while i was alone at a bus stop .
] i realized that my attempts to tell the judge in district court what happened were silenced by him .
could encouraging happy ending stories self  - sensor ? sharing the uncomfortable and unhappy is important here .
my thoughts exactly : to be honest i would be more surprised if any woman didn  t post via
i believe research & policy can play a part to end check out study : 
i  ve had strangers take pictures of me at school and at the beach . and been told that my rightful place is at the kitchen .
powerful  -  - >  allowing to go viral is the biggest mistake the establishment ever made  by caitlin johnstone 
at a party and i had unfortunately had too much to drink . blacked out parts of the evening but remembered being assaulted  2 x .
3 novices : milano on campaign : this is your time alyssa milano says the millions of women worldwide who have 
imagine if everyone ever sexually harassed told their stories w /  - revolution . let  s do it ! me together !
alone on a el train when a man masterbated in front of me . i contacted police but they weren t interested in a description .
why even put a woman through the trauma of scraping her uterus for evidence if it  s just going to sit on a shelf 
carol  - told you i would write this piece .  meet | psychology today 
i found out why this man ( risk his carrier to go against the media machine . his father was woody allen .
must read thread below . more power to these wonderful brave ladies 
how can we change porn culture for our young children ? one man has a goal .
brave and the world recognizes the cost your gold medal heart paid & we are furious for you . 
.  and the fact that nearly every woman i follow has is horrifying yet unfortunately unsurprising
i  m glad to see hollywood hold their actors to a standard of decency when will politics do the same ?
stories can lead to libel suits melanie kohler found out the hard way that posting a rape ac .  via
facebook bought sweeps your social media feeds and more in today s u loop morning scoop  -
domestic violence awareness | healing takes time 
sen . elizabeth warren joins campaign : portrays professor she once praised as se .
. tells story . after and watch  for pgh fight on sex crimes .
same folks who were mad about are just as upset about what you   all got against hashtags ?
 the hashtag was created by a black woman . in a statement to ebony burke said that the grassroots .
note to hollywood : improv teaches one to never say no but no really does mean no . some of you are obviously confused .
/ the college professor who assaulted me when i was drunk during a geology field trip .
when did a crime become civil action only predators need to go to jail .
i am a strong ass woman and the concept is clearly something you do not understand . 
thank you to everyone who shared their stories with me . let s continue this movement .
a leading voice in television criticism and some man dared to treat her like she was an object . no one is safe . 
it s been about a year since i was sexually assaulted and i still have people who either don 't believe me or blame me . this isn t okay .
as trends here  s a list of sex scandals in tech and entertainment  the mercury news
as trends here s a list of sex scandals in tech and entertainment  - the mercury news 
you don 't have to post to validate your experience to others . you don 't owe anyone your story if you aren t comfortable doing so .
posts are showing up on our timelines . this should scare you . imagine how many people are still afraid to say something .
i would have to say a few times . thank you to all the brave women around the world . you are not alone !
straight women : we need to talk about v . a . w . !  world : we do ! lesbians : we need to talk about v . a . w . !  world : women don 't exist !
this is the difference a woman in office makes . every male quoted starts with if true .  
because is & brought anything to consciousness it s that we need laws to ensure public spaces are safe .
new start time for the live stream what to say if a man wants to masturbate in front of you
especially in work place when you are the only female in management roles surrounded by males 
it s not normal or locker room talk or just being a boy ! it s not okay !
no change until we accept no one likely to take on global power hypocrisy  obstruction of justice
from our media director wise words as we all consider what it means when we see : 
this is important . language and how we use it effects how we frame issues . let s commit to using the right words
of course and i don 't know any woman who hasn t been . trump humiliates women maybe women now become his downfall ? poetic justice
i  have written about the incidents . scary when they happened yet i think of myself as very lucky . knock on wood . knock on wood .
the internet plays an important role in highlighting social issues in s a 
you  reply not alone . it is so hard still to discuss that i still haven  t . my assault happened in aug of  
people like in this interview are the reason survivors are afraid to speak out . 
there is strength in numbers ; instant  message sad that was minimized for so long 
do we really need to write every woman i know has her stories .
a security guard at work told me i d sell more cars if they put me in a sexy little outfit while miming boobs with his hands .
denial  of  normal  t send pictures of your penis unless she just asked for them . 
such powerful lyrics for such an important time ! thank you for raising your voice too ! 
that s super scary . i understand . hopefully you found someone to talk to
fills social media with stories of sexual harassment assault
& even take a stand against child sexual abuse 
if you were surprised by all those posts today .  here are  things you can do to fight harassment . 
i can t even count the number of times men have accidentally brushed against my chest reaching for something
can we all just pause for a minute to look at this is not okay . men and women getting sexually assaulted is not okay at all .
a thread on the experience of when she did report harassment & went to the courts which pretty much failed her  . 
the fall of harvey weinstein should be a moment to challenge extreme writes rebecca solnit .
i shouldn  t need two days to build up the courage to tweet two words
also it makes me so happy that you cite reflections on responding as a man to my friends are famous and more importantly incredibly wise .
a while ago i made a festival documentary called  hush  . this is an inspiring film dealing with rape :
rt juliet macur : of course the  me too  movement inevitably spills into sports . it hits home .
.  but implicit suggestions do not good company policy make . obviously . please do better
while victims suffer effects perpetrators may benefit from fewer in the management pipeline 
i hope whenever anybody is ready to say even after this hashtag is long forgotten there will still be others listening .
how   come news editor talks & moving the conversation forward in 
writing about the movement & revising the history of is a really interesting & informative process
i  have been grabbed screamed at intimidated and worse and i refuse to believe any of it was or ever will be my fault .
started at age  . been going on ever since . just because you don 't see it doesn t mean it doesn t exist .
for e . g the eve teasing in south asia .  i still can t sit near or next to a man on a bus without real fear .
idiotic texas congresswoman in deep water after harvey weinstein comments  via
well then let  s help them heal . let  s all show that they now have our support & many a shoulder to cry on .  it  s never too late 
today is the twitter chat .  all day . join in the conversation . 
when i started my career  + years a sr . vp at my firm offered to buy me a car if i slept with him . i was appalled & told him
is heartbreaking . the cruelty of using power as leverage to terrorize dehumanizes us all . call people out when you hear the stories .
rolling stone : ellen degeneres adds her voice to the movement as alyssa milano urges action 
let  s not forget that we denial  of  normal  t hear those actrice s who benefited from a consensual and are completely satisfied with it
agreed . i said something on twitter and i haven  t told most of my family . not sure if i ever will .
any place , anywhere,  anytime i ultimately wrote my essay because i was frustrated to see those mutual friends like me too posts 
this actually makes me feel reply  - victimized shame on you . this isn t a hollywood problem . 
reminds me of the life guard at the boys and girls club when i was a kid .
it s not in the way you dress . it s not in your age . it s not because you re friendly . and it s most definitely not your fault .
for each i am donating  to a shelter . instant  message doing this on fb and i guess too . it s staggering and powerful
as takes off denial  of  normal  t let the right define misogyny | zoe williams 
as takes off denial  of  normal  t let the right define misogyny 
where holiness lives abuse cannot live . global day of learning
because so many have shared the heartbreaking details of what happened to you i want you to know
4 th of  . caught off guard assaulted by a customer while taking out trash . he tried to blame me for it when i told my boss
this is a systemic problem running from the bottom to the top left to right . 
rt victoria live : i was sacked after refusing to sleep with someone bbc news
in case anyone has ever felt like they owed it to a man and went through with it despite not wanting to .  well
we need to create a hashtag in of all who were molested & had the courage to share a how about or 
any women violated ( has no backers ; husbands won  t believe other women may taunt police want  evidence  . 
see yeah creep . and i hope the task force means it . 
today was the first time someone said :  i believe you  it made a world of difference
two managers thought it was okay to give us massages whenever they wanted to . they pressed against us while we sat in our desk chairs
bad . this first count . once again hearing i don 't believe you . so yes i have a handful of experiences that were emotionally  /
people says capital of but everyday living here is like horrid of the day and night we can  t even imagine
because a guy convinced me to go ride dirt roads with him then almost choked me with his tongue when i least expected it .
but i  m tired of people expecting my trauma to be shared but nothing changing .
yes as a young woman with a gesture that the  is famous for talking about . and lots of other ways !
fresh groping allegations leveled against george homework bush .
top  best foods . in the unicorn outfit instant  message sure would love some italian sausage ?
were finally finding our words . we nearly all have at least one story . x
any place , anywhere,  anytime : i was wary of posting a because i still have mutual friends w / my assailant i was uncomfortable knowing they d see
our comms manager appeared on sky news this morning to discuss universal credit brexit & the campaign
i started thinking that it was my fault like somehow or some way i caused it .
i  have had a man follow me for six blocks lifting my skirt and trying to touch me in southside it s terrifying .
rting my post from oct . i ll never forget this ; harassment went on & on . even when we thought it was finally all over it wasn t . 
gold medalist mckayla maroney joins campaign  i was molested by dr . larry nassar   fox17
rt in my experience linkedin may b the most appropriate place for a post .  thank   you 
can you shed light on the fact that the campaign was originally a black woman s idea
spent a fair amount of today chatting with my friends about why we haven t put up posts .
women still face subtle & overt sexism in the public space . shame for you racism sexism and bigotry ! 
to the brave womyn choosing to say i admire you and stand by your side . to those who choose silence .
on the heels of gad fcs leader under kudos slated to take over los angeles foster care 
my human z as a in the entertain & sports business can not thank you enough for your persistence and true journalism
i don 't talk about it don 't like to think about it . can t believe how many of my very close friends have gone through it too .
if i may be forgiven !  hi carl ! you made my mother  s end of life and mine so much more bearable ! thank you truly .
thank you to nancy smith one of our former interns for sharing the following resources in response to the
by the time i realized what was happening i had been abused for  months . i had the bruises all over my body .
up  .  could sen elizabeth warren  s moment have happened as a young prof at 
 in america a woman  s body ( belongs ) to everybody but herself  exactly what has taught us 
i still see a lot of norther sanctimony about this case but if has taught you anything it should be that this is highly prevalent . it s systemic .
applies to all genders . reminder that attackers and victims can be any gender and contributing to toxic masculinity won  t solve this .
this is bad please get yourselves sorted or you will no longer be my  2 and favorite small kitchen appliance .
common thread of people narcissistic personality need for power no fear of authority . him
girls problem doesn t end just by hashtag . it started when you shared that song shape of you on .
have you seen people posting on or recently ? here s the reason behind it .
just cause some guy tried to talk to you one time isn t rape actual rape is rape .
thank you for sharing such a profoundly personal story illuminating common themes of predators
am i the only one not shocked ? it s unacceptable & inexcusable but none of the accused named made me think no ! really ?
good first step . must allow plaintiffs the right to sue harassers directly no mandatory arbitration no secret nda s . 
i can  t think of a single woman i know without a story . without several stories . 
haha took the boss apart in her interview . noticed npr didn  t post audio 
we demand real reforms to change the boys club culture 
[ cont2 ] by the end of the talk he touched me & said if u want me to pay u that you ve got to be nice to me
find out more about the campaign  - for  your  information it started   - years ago by speak your 
your like the poster child for . shame press still side with slick willy hillary to see them for what they r
thanks for sharing her story interview her i know her from school
so be talking to my class about finding good mentors to help them get through the rough spots on their academic journeys .
several high profile actresses cannot come forward rapes were too damaging we must fight for them too
/ i politely asked him to stop in front of the rest of the office . it worked .  that time .
. said it best we must always take sides . neutrality helps the oppressor never the victim . silence encourages the tormentor never the tormented .
because i was told i couldn t know what happened because i was drunk . and because i was called dramatic and attention seeking
i wonder what the implications of are . does it mean there is a potential  :  assaulted  - assailant ratio on my news feed as well ?
no .  it s really about child molestation .  if you haven t noticed were trying to do something about it
so yeah me fucking too because i can  t believe i still have to stand up & say anything at all when i just want to sit down .
alyssa milano on campaign : we are going to be vocal until this stops  don 't wait  years ! speak up !
friendly reminder  she doesn t have to be related to a man to have value ; she has dignity and worth all on her own .
so what s with the exclusion of male  - identified people in this movement to amplify your sexual assault stories ?
senator tammy baldwin a miracle ! great good can be done in hard times . 
i added a video to a playlist my take away from the harvey weinstein contro very ( if you said
of course i  have been sexually harassed . instant  message a woman .
inspired by wnba all  - star breanna stewart tells her story :  i was molested for years  as a child
because while you loud entitled bitches are saying you love carrie fisher .  none of you are about that princess leia ass action
jeans and a t  - shirt sober after a football game .  clothing doesn t = rape someone with a sick mind does . 
when my best friend told me her father was continually raping her because he was rich & influential and we were  .
- wherever you are know this : i believed you then i believe you now . thank you for being so brave  - clarence thomas  - travesty of justice .
meet the woman behind the movement ( started  years ago ! ) . she empowers through : 
as someone who felt like their only option was silence it is really encouraging to see some participate 
my mom said it was my fault it happened because of the way i dressed but she bought all of my clothes . she let him do it age   -  years
senators shared their stories on this morning . i  have mostly seen thoughtful commentary . then i saw this .
feeling you are close enough to share your story is a defining point in female friendships for too many of us
republicans need to start calling out their colleagues when they make these comments .
being a female in a male  - dominated environment where the professional line is crossed way too often
letter : saying a personal challenge i need to face  powerful letter
it s sad you re making a joke about someone who has been sexually assaulted .
in manhattan . invited me to meet at a hotel . my friend insisted i not go thankfully . i was only  and thought i could have been discovered . creep .
all of this is in documents i got after an foi  - happy to share with anyone who doubts the veracity of what instant  message saying .
campaign picks up support while supporting survivors thanks polly po skin and kristie p ask van
had a good rant about lack  - of  - touching from older male fans on twitter just now . if you re not a 
it makes me sick to my core ; for every story told & untold there  s a person out there held unaccountable .  yes i mean you !
it was the early  7  0 s and yet it feels like yesterday . i escaped and a cab driver gave me a ride home . i had no $ . thank u cab driver
this inspired me to tell my story . love yeah girl . 
going beyond the hashtag .  how to approach hour if you feel you ve been harassed or assualt ed .
and pretty much every other woman i know . and i haven t really been silent about it through my life . it s just that no one listens .
despite poignant testimony harvey weinstein is no more a watershed for predatory sexism than las vegas was for gun madness .
i was sexually assaulted at then banned for reporting it  thanks for sharing that post
i am enraged when i think about how much it has cost me personally and professionally . how my personal potential has been squelch ed .
is brilliant tragic and powerful . it forces me to remember ( and find comfort in ) .  we are not alone .
prayers for all who wish to stay silent . i get it . and yeah
my take away from conversation is played chess to margaret went es go fish .
rt ss wink gma : is a testament to how powerful we are when we all stand together as one .  - alyssa _ milano to robin roberts on grandma
just saw interview about on her story shows how much has changed for better
instant  message horrified by a world that blames women when they speak up about harassment  )
nope i  have watched you   all you re little group is attacking a rape victim on a daily basis . 
jail everyone of them i  ve run into corrupt cops three times it  s horrible
excellent piece by on the need for change in indian parenting styles especially boys 
that he needed to be more sensitive . wtaf does that mean ? rape her more gently ? !  ( this from a letter the dr wrote herself )
although the pain may be singular it is beautiful to be able to tolerate it with someone else . involves me in other people lives .
what about police doing it then framing victims for serious crimes like murder ? happened  me in
sexism : male perpetrators female victims ? talks about and on
 gad fcs leader slated to take his skills to la county foster care on the heels of
has happened so much to me when i was young i expected it and thought that is the way is it in the workplace
thanks to for acknowledging tonight but please also mention that she was the creator of activism !
i  have never liked woody allen way before i found out about this but what s sad it that she s right hollywood protects these slime balls
women share stories of sexual harassment assault via
if i avoid you in an elevator it has nothing to do with you : everyone is a potential sex predator until proven otherwise .
one more article to highlight cases in i hope the large brands would stand up by unmasking the offenders 
thank you for sharing another side . let  s all keep up the momentum and not let this movement fade away . 
my name is john ette lewis a predators power is in his secret encourage to tell & yell
just believe us when we say what   ever been victimized . stop insisting we prove it . quit making us out ourselves w & understand there s
i wish was rapists and assailants admitting to being trash humans instead of survivors having to bare their souls .
angry ? help us pass survivor civil rights protections  - support this fundraiser !  via
from someone i have known for more than  years after i shared my story and all i can think is fuck ! off !
a woman  s body is nothing to be ashamed of and definitely shouldn  t be attached simply for existing .
.  but whisper or think it thank you for your courage & strength ! to all those affected by the we have in society .
i tried so hard to fight against all of those criminals at scosche industries for the whole year ! it happened since last year .
it s sad when someone makes you feel worthless . what s worse is still being terrified by that person .
tonight : how the movement is changing lives right here in details on and
i  have been sexually harassed for years and i finally was able to speak up too . so very proud of you !
i ll be talking to experts about the movement and how social media is changing the conversation
bbcworld : rt bbc_ have your say : i asked if i could kiss her she said no  - one man s powerful reply to 
rt bbc_ have your say : i asked if i could kiss her she said no  - one man s powerful reply to 
i realized that i denial  of  normal  t have enough characters to even list how many of these experiences i  ve had . 
is making waves in the press with these shocking allegations about harvey weinstein and steven seagal .
is donald trump the next powerful man to fall ?  nope .  but i wish
i was   and again at  . blamed all three times . it was not my fault . if someone trusts you enough to tell you  - believe them .
wondering how bad was it when people share posts  - it doesn t matter . stop it
i am  way after half of my life and i still do not understand girls at all . what the heck is this ? how can i be a bastard and  lovely  at the same time ?
. never tell us you  reply going to do something . ask permission . our bodies belong to us even when were birthing .
what a brave woman  - i hope she knows how much support she has and you shall be heard
i got no respect from a comic who told me to blow him & maybe i d have a career but what injured me more happened in childhood
because you grip a cup of hot tea just in case you need to defend yourself as you walk down the street
whether or not you can say it aloud now know that there are people working hard to help make it a world where you can
.  still wondering if you gave credit to the black woman who started
moore v . media ; hannity v . keurig ; march ; negative partisanship ; new very   funny editor ; colbert s jokes : 
cnnmoney : moore v . media ; hannity v . keurig ; march ; new very   funny editor ; colbert s jokes ; catch up with reliable s  
moore v . media ; hannity v . keurig ; march ; new very   funny editor ; colbert s jokes ; catch up with .  via
.  years later after i transitioned to male messaged me to ask why  - after all i was hot as a girl and hadn t it been fun
how about this instead of if you ve harass e someone why don 't you post so we know how widespread the issue is ?
i liked a video alyssa milano reacts to viral movement
conversations like are so helpful  - the truth is always good news even when it s difficult
never brought it up because i didn t want to make our mutual friends feel awkward that he sexually assaulted me
no stature wealth or profession prevents a man being a sex abuser . none of those are an excuse to prevent them being exposed either .
last pi digest : trended on social media last week a campaign conceived  years ago by activist
perhaps can advise the actresses to shut up and go away for the sake of .  art ?
when you finally open up to people about your experiences & you get chastised for it or they say it could be worse .
it s a small gesture but lifts a teeny bit of the burden from those who come forward & show those who can t that they are not alone .
a   - year  - old ? assaulting anyone is heinous but a child ?  this shit has got to stop ! there must be consequences !
some choose not to or still cannot talk about it but that doesn t mean it didn t happen  - it happened it counts
love to all my sisters ! we tell the truth to each other let s be honest with the world and make this end .
unheard unseen ignored silenced & diminished r the experiences of girls of color . share  .
it  s so hard when it  s someone u no .  so sorry  4 u .  talk scream  b heard
dear god thunder bolts . large powerful thunder bolts . well all pitch in to clean up the collateral mess . sincerely someone who can say
what if we all told our now stories ? what harass men are you going through now ? stop the abuse !
this would require planning and coordinating and empathy on the part of those who started or participate in clearly missing . 
look out for a new reading list and post on the movement sunday on patreon :
rt what are men saying and doing to step it up in the age of via via
many courageous voices heard today because  one woman with courage is a revolution .  
this is utter twaddle .  ignorant of the extent of my so gn y is a global problem in islam and the rest of the world . you should be assam u ed of popular i sing this hate .
when someone you considered a friend took advantage of a situation
watching interview the real creator of the movement who created it in  .
question : has bryan cranston ever been sexually abused ? if the answer is  no  then he should shut  the fuck up
wish i could participate to every single woman that has experienced the trauma and awfulness of . nobody should have to . 
my experience has been that it is primarily an  + game that needs to stop & further support the younger ones who do not !
i  have lived  years and have my own collection of mortifying memories . thank you brave voices for refusing to be silent
national bullying prevention month .  has this happened to you ? join in by posting
reminder : you are in no way obligated to speak or share this now . do what feels right within you .
just wait until the boys harassed by female producers come forward ! see
just wait until the boys harassed by female producers come forward ! see 
i  have been there during my life and i stand with women who have been sexually harassed an assaulted .
rt the movement is breaking the silence and opening eyes .
i  have had my fair share of creepin comments over the years . i tried to make it known that they were wrong & remove myself
no one should ever feel unsafe or preyed up on at work . another reason we need to spread awareness with because now it  s
shame can thrive easily when we are isolated but it loses it s power when people come together to share their common experiences .  -
ooh . the stories i  ve heard now . so incredibly sad . thanks for telling me and trusting me .
i will never doubt that god has gotten me through every hard moment in my life .
harassment in hollywood :  female industry forces brainstorm how to change the culture  via
i am giving a standing ovation to all those brave women who are telling the truth about what happened to them . so many of us are standing with you .
it took a while before i stopped blaming myself for the things that happened
it s not just hollywood . mine were male teachers profs & advisors years h school & fancy universities .  prof p much stalked me .
story  : on the treadmill after rachel was born a stranger came up behind me and said : bounce baby bounce . while making gestures .
i don 't think i need to elaborate suffice to say we all are victims time to raise voice
salem wants survivors to feel a sense of healing and empowerment .
he then proceeded to hold me against the front of his body i could feel his penis through his jeans .
for anyone that has experienced this my heart feels for you . no matter what the degree may be it is abuse and that is unacceptable . 
mom let perverted great uncle talk dirty to me .  wanted to paint me nude when i was  .
truth ! i told two dudes last night about a co  - worker that had done it to me . they were stunned !
the new york times : has opened up new conversations with your parents or grandparents ? tell us about it .
at a fraternity event freshman year of college . first person i told said what did you expect ?
from colombia i have been a victim of child sexual harassment . i want your voice to be heard because it is the voice of many of us
i say because after multiple attempts to end an uninvited conversation with a strange man saying that my boyfriend is inside .
not comfortable sharing my story .  but if anyone ever needs someone to vent to i  ll always be an open ear
by a sunday school affiliate by a man i dated by a family who doesn t think i remember
kids are now part of disclosures . hopefully their identities will be protected . name change ? 
i felt all of us promoting sld actually stand up & help other victims to come up & support them throughout the process
i believe you too & sorry it happened ! my step dad did it once when i was  but i lived next  years in terror !
well every woman in india has felt d threat of being a woman & so even i won t mind saying d fact .
can we stop calling it non  - consensual sex ? it s called rape . that s the word .
it  s hard to think what might have happened had i sent the things he asked . it chills me to the bone that others might have obeyed .
. two words that can bring about awareness to an all too familiar experience . read more :
random stranger here validating your experiences . i hear you i believe you . you are not alone .
for just letting someone say gross things to me and touch me inappropriately because * i wouldn t be here at all * without them .
the government should increase protections for us not take away protections . especially for those suffering a cute trauma .
heard  through when are we going to arrive at the post  - creepy ad ecosystem ? soon . note the speed of and
dude who wouldn t take no for an answer during my first year in l . a . there s a reason i never texted you back or answered your calls .
i denial  of  normal  t know whether to be happy they  reply doing this or horrified they have to . 
this is a terribly good angle on so many incidents of assaul take place on transit where persona space blurs . 
anyone else noticed posted all over facebook and twitter today ? here s what it means . 
an all too common story about being raped by a powerful male in my office 
retweeted atlanta black star ( activist & creator of the campaign says it s .
if only there was newly  - released book on subject .  epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
tweeted conservative economic argument . was doxxed ( watched their tweets about me ) rape threat via mail . rainbow on it & everything .
hey are you a female  - identifying person who has been sexually harassed or assaulted ?
is gaining ground on twitter thanks to an actress  s call to action .
no more let  s ensure young people learn about and consent in sex ed .
just now on my way to the cta . i  ve been out of my apartment for  minutes  - that  s how pervasive this issue is every damn day .
watch on ask czarina live  : in plain sight : a culture of harassment & silence 
heart shattering . earth wrenching . and your courage is waking us all finally from our long sleep . 
it s important but i wonder what would have happened if came before the election instead of after . also yes me too .
it s been known since gawker released a story in  and again in  . this isn t new . it s just finally being taken seriously due to
. : denial  of  normal  t dismiss stories of sex assault harassment
listen to our special programme exploring sexism in the arts in the aftermath of harvey weinstein revelations
what from everyone on our social media walls tells us about the societies we live in  - we owe this .
regardless of whether i  m comfortable or you  reply comfortable saying we need to admit that we have a problem 
regardless of whether i  m comfortable or you  reply comfortable saying we all need to admit that we have a problem . 
i was on a flight when the man kept moving his hand up my leg . didn t stop until i said i ll f  - ing beat the shit out of you u mfker 
behavior change communication is vital in research & ending check it s latest report 
regularly drop something then lee ringly ask us girls to bend over . at same job i walked into the stockroom to witness asst mgr
- grateful for your story & that fear hasn  t silenced you . the lord has used your story powerfully to bring about redemption in my own . love to you !
what is the hashtag that men are using to declare their part in the story ? is it : ? speak up guys !
a bit late for hour advice .  thanks to for her bravery which has kickstarted something much bigger than 
for pedophiles !  right ? what if had touched the cherished or dj rs daughter ? still okay ?  say something about this !  
thanks for your thoughtful article problem at i zing patriarchal capitalist oligarchy which lies behind misogyny 
the fact that i consider myself lucky to not be a rape victim .  is horrific 
fortunately i can  t say but i can say i know one too many women who have been victims of sexual assault an harassment .
for  what it's  worth  - being a sexist creepy pervert is a bi  - partisan problem .
i didn t speak up because they were grooming him to be a supervisor & i was afraid he d make my life a living hell if i told
- though i am surprised that we need a hashtag to give an idea of the size of the problem .
the house must get cleaned . all should be empowered to report transgressions without fear :  ( i support
with such abuse .  i blamed myself for everything and wrote a book called rebecca evans dominatrix that s on sale at amazon
it took me days to decide that i would be brave and post it too .  because none of us are alone
meet the woman who created long before hashtags existed via nyt
meet the woman who created long before hashtags existed
meet the woman who created long before hashtags existed  via
meet the woman who created long before hashtags existed 
meet of the woman who created long before hashtags
seeing all my friends on facebook and twitter post makes me s a can t even describe the emotions
let   me tell you something about  i  ve got stories for days literally days .  how much time do y  all have ?
four females varying in age with hardly any knowledge of the other corroborate similar experiences with the same guy . not lies !
and men who have been the victims of abuse : i love you believe you and am proud of you all too .
inspired by all who said to those who scrolled past muttering about the erosion of family values .  try listening to their stories
they feel . is it my fault you re challenge respond to with be a safe haven for talking . i say to all .
if i was a woman my boss would ve lost his job . but since instant  message a man he is still my boss
i was groped on trams and trains exposed to by strangers and pushed against walls . they don 't remember but i do . 
i denial  of  normal  t want to live anymore for many reasons but mainly because
moi !  nancy hogshead  - makar : shows need for tighter rules in club and olympic sports 
. hogshead  - makar : shows need for tighter rules in club and olympic sports
nancy hogshead  - makar : shows need for tighter rules in club and olympic sports .
am reminded of inappropriate things that happened to me as a young girl .
that s just some of my stories and glad lauren is living with a great guy who really cares for her
i  ve never seen someone else explain what it  s like to experience derealization . this is exactly it . thank you . 
there is no unity in shared experience of distancing from your body and learning to see yourself as a movable feast . just pain .
not a day goes by where i don 't think about how i should have said something . forgetting is easier said than done .
to these inappropriate actions . we need to address roles and behaviors and how to correct and heal .
state legislators are taking charge . these  lawmakers want to turn into real policy 
tara na burke founded the movement to help survivors in underprivileged communities
in case you missed it today s front page . read :
instant  message saddened to see so many statements on twitter and fb . we must do better !
is donald trump the next powerful man to fall ? | raw story via raw story
in fact it just happened to while on my run . i  m not running for anyone else denial  of  normal  t me .
me too . i believe you . i love you . not your fault . we see you . we are all affected & implicated . no more silence .
devastated by on social media . this is my deal in the most thumbnail y of thumbnail sketches . i  m always happy to talk if you need .
when you have to call your dad the day after because he s going to see a  charge to planned parenthood on his credit card
i was in  8 th grade the first time i was raped . it was in my kitchen . my mom was downstairs and had no clue . i was quiet i was scared
we live in a complicated world where even good things can cause harm .
in the midst of all this stuff i d like to take a moment to appreciate and celebrate my wonderful supportive feminist fianc
retweeted king  news ( amity add risi shares personal story
i  ve debated since yesterday whether to do this but i can  t get it out of my head . so yeah i never told . too ashamed .
you should think twice before trying to make money off social movements like via 
creator to lead survivors  march through hollywood on sunday 
i am just showing my support for female and male victims . this needs to stop now .
opinion | of course . but what comes next ?  - washington post via thanks
why is this so common ? !  seeing this hashtag while helping me not feel alone is so devastating in it s frequency and intensity . 
it takes a lot of courage to share stories of abuse . 
he did the same to another very upset lady . he followed me on the elevator as i was leaving . he hit the stop button and tried to get
your career needs to be over & criminal charges brought against you .
wow . donna karan . really ? i expected more or nothing from you . hush . just hush . weinstein is a predator .
it s okay to be angry . don 't let some guys uncomfortable ness stop you from telling your story .
and didn  t a lot of them die mysteriously ?  with all that  s coming out someone please look into this why did he boot them so fast 
for every story there s a person who typed the same words and deleted . there s help for survivors of assault .
how to break a sexual harassment story because it s time to break stories for small men too
weinstein sex scandal triggers movement that is expanding well beyond hollywood . via
what a twisted tortured and partisan piece about how twisted tortured and partisan can get inside the beltway when it comes to defending the clinton s 
we have our stories and we  reply going to keep telling them .  happy halloween 
educate your children . please don 't let them also have to say someone will talk to them about sex . shouldn t it be you ? 
my middle school gang rape in east haven in late  8  0 s was covered up by a whole town including the police department .
when i was  1 stop  that harassed my teacher & hero mr . willen burg took the boy to the principles office .
to anyone who hasn  t named their abuser  - for any reason  - it still happened . it still matters . i still believe you
the hashtag has been used in more than  .  7 m tweets in  different countries in the last week and a half says . 
watching the amazin movement that has perv a ted social media i wanted to say something to .
the behind knew the power of the phrase when she created it  years ago 
scenarios like the ones described in this article by happen way to many times in academia . 
julie urges to take a step further and start thinking about concrete solutions . join her :
i told myself i made it up . it was a dream . but i know now that it was real . it happened . but you will not silence me anymore .
by the way : spend some time with i hope you find it as humbling as i did . and man just heartbreaking .
 incredible courage world class champion athlete so sorry this happened . you inspire us !
any backlash against is a sign of chor ki daad i me in tinka . scum can t handle what they considered routine is actually a crime .
bright eyes smile so big dreams of love and no more fear you tricked her asshole
and . asking that question is why . re victimizing victims is wrong and yet how we have operated as a culture . no questions . 
even if milano didn  t claim it we need to recognize wh it  s so easy to erase welcome  on cam from
i was assaulted by someone i trusted when i was  and no one believed me but my parents not even the police so
sadly i denial  of  normal  t know if any woman can not say that . we are in this together and you are not alone . 
meet the woman who started the campaign  years ago :  via ( on facebook ) .
wake up call : the lawyers getting work from  accusations  |
and here i was beginning to wonder what direction our news drops would go this week aside from / 
thank you for your bravery strength compassion on this issue thank you for your relentless reporting !
just know for every you re seeing there are at least  survivors who can t it s too painful . i personally know  who just can t .
i just got banned from for  days for sharing my story . the irony is not lost on me here facebook .
living with severe ptsd doesn t make trying to have a relatively normal easy after rape .
watch the campaign spread around the world on facebook twitter and instagram
watch the campaign spread around the world on facebook twitter and instagram 
hashtag is simple and powerful . perhaps civil society here can leverage   -  worded hashtags more in the future .
we were abused by south brunswick pd nice job officials beyond belief . i was belittled retaliated against
not so long as pop  - me dio cri ties jump  - the  - shark by making false claims for the sake of self  - aggrandizement malice & tea  - n  - sympathy .
it takes a ton of courage to speak out but our collective voice is very loud . it stops here !
it s a tragedy to live in denial only until i realized there is no bigger tragedy than the silence that becomes us after it happens .
the first time i remember i was nine years old i  m twenty three now & have far too many stories i could tell
i am not a feminist but i would always raise my voice to support the half population of the world .
it took only one man to bring down kevin spacey and he doesn  t even remember it .
of abuse is preventable through education . help us to protect all children . learn more here :
previous jokes suggest seth macfarlane may have known about kevin spacey and harvey weinstein . 
i can finally use the hashtag . block my car check my tires for your body . is funded approved . 
posted by : watch the campaign spread around the world on facebook 
say you are a human who understand all life has value worthy of dignity and respect 
counseling resources in nice job for those who replied nj211  - need help ? start here 
you don 't always have your it s  you can t talk to people like that speech ready . sometimes you can only hear the alarm bells going off .  - caller gabby
twice .   and  .  i denial  of  normal  t carry that scarlett letter anymore .
here  s why outrage against ogilvy india leader against her response is necessary 
floods twitter thanks to alyssa milano . thank   you . 
. for every woman posting a story of their assault there are another  that can t talk about what happened to them .
there you go appealing to your low base . again . how long before you run out of $ to cover up ?
on the issue reply this is all i have to say right now . i pray .  let be about justice not just online mobs .
pay no attention to the man behind the curtain . missed info on who is being singled out in next rounds ? 
waiting for to use because he  s so victimized by fake news & he  s always and has to give up golf to call soldiers families .
i was only  when it happened a elevator operator . yuck fortunately i was able to tell my mom & he was fired . 
i  ve had multiple men force me to embrace my victimhood and today reminds me many men haven  t even acknowledged their complicity .
i am so over women who will not stand with and support other women who speak up and out about harassment and abuse !
i thought that ` s just how things work in life but the struggle is real . it s not nature just attitude .
i have been biting my tongue actually holding back my fingertips to type this status for a week now for .
check out  - replicable healthy masculinity project that can be created on campuses ! great work
[ italian communications authority ] did not condemn misogynistic messages on italian media is complicit in misogyny where r gen de studies in journalism ? 
when you disagree with what your parents are saying but you know it  s better to keep silent . all i have to say is
disagree . they need to be exposed . it s not  acceptable anymore  ! there are consequences to this behavior . 
and started at a very young age . i can write a book with all my stories .
what we tolerate uneasily in the workplace needs to change . what we live with more complacent ly in the home does as well . 
i was in diapers by my father until i was  . then a priest at  . then date rape at gunpoint at  . and abusive relationships until therapy in my early  3  0 s .
this film is very relevant to the discussion . men can change the culture of men . 
there  s how about hollywood needs to clean house . the next generation of talent deserves more .
it is a long read but so incredibly worth it . me too is a struggle and this piece sums it up beautifully and tragically .
 denial  of  normal  t try n act like a tough guy . 
christopher judge pulled me forcibly on to his lap at a restaurant years ago . not getting god of war
retweeted rita abraham ( when i served in the military . more than a few times . i stayed silent for self p reserva t 
because i shouldn t have to sit here & wonder if what happened to me is bad enough to speak up about . none of it is okay .
and you sort of proved point . if you re rich white male you are above the law  - charisma not required
happening in los angeles tomorrow !  hollywood & highland attention : all scumbag 
a helpful reminder for &  - pornography degrades human beings and can t be an act of love . 
few seem  walk the way of may more follow his path by helping those victimized by their back . 
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote as a status it would be all women .
want to take action after inspiration of join us thursday for our national vigil for survivors
when someone asks about and then doesn t give it even a seconds thought . you are a part of the problem .
you do it by for evil gr in . acknowledging that million were shared ( even if you question the number ) so we should act to stop this abuse
i can t believe u guys are buying this bullshit narrative . there are simple explanations for the phenomenon that have  to do with reality
weinstein who ? black men denial  of  normal  t respect is either !
baylor f a cult panel discussing with  s dr . pooler and sarah ritter . grateful for this important conversation
why are you using the hashtag for this ? do you even realize the dangerous nature of your actions here  - trying to link yourself to this
women and men speak out about being sexually assaulted in movement via
never let someone else determine your worth . you mean so much to so many people . never silence your voice .
must read : powerful painstaking brave piece by on growing up violence & guns 
black men in d . c . i also want to hear from y  all . what do you think about and what  s next ? talk to us .
haven t told anyone that one until tonight . it s just . the most uncomfortable i  have been in months . it was a favorite gas station too
something i saw elsewhere regarding that needs to be shared .  read :
me too . outrigger sports team party . there was alcohol . i fought him . he decided to rape .
i  ve had lots of thoughts reply and this sums up a lot of them . it  s not on me to make you  feel  for survivors .
the fact that this is trending in many countries right now tells you something .
me too . for all of the people who aren t ready to share their story i see you . i believe you . 
again * is a great initiative * but not believing survivors until now would be like supporting trump up until the ghb tp scandal .
like so many of my sisters only told my husband about it today . why do we feel ashamed ? !  no more .
brilliant and important article from this switch back on the mountain trail to social justice . 
i just start kissing them .  i denial  of  normal  t even wait . and when you  reply a star they let you do it . you can do anything . 
in my society they always blames the girls . they always say  she brought this things to herself  males always innocent .
join campaign launched by wcd ministry get  over it  stand up & follow true spirit of 
maybe you can credit for admitting it all giving basically an unequivocal apology but .  i wielded that power irresponsibly seems a big understatement 
i sat for  minutes trying to decide whether to post this . then i realised that s exactly why i should . enough . 
old piece  - huge trigger warning but it s very informative because is what were fighting 
to be clear not accusation but personal experience . if i can t speak out how can we expect young staffers to ?
stunned the girl scouts are weighing in . good for them . however we need to acknowledge all the boy scouts would have to say sadly
is it wrong to assume the actresses that worked with harvey that aren  t played balls ?
the wave of revelations and revulsion over harvey weinstein has gone global with
realised abusers don 't stop abusing ; others at risk . with help of wrote to dutch authorities ( brothers  &  were there )
my mother was in the other room . why she allowed the person who abused her to abuse me i will never .
we all have stories . ask every woman you know . we  ve all been there . time for change ! not likely during this administration .
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stori .
the number of hashtags is unsettling but so is the fact that most of us can respond with which time if asked about it .
having an older man physically corner me at the end of my  hour bartending shift & not move until i smiled for him . 
today were seeing tip of the tip of the iceberg . the sinking of hollywood s crime family .
true :  2 l intern don 't c are superior court judges aide circled me around the conf table  times as i realized he was slow  - walk chasing
it s pretty sad when there are too many times to count and you can t pick just one for twitter .
concerned about the avalanche of accounts ? understand & teach affirmative consent . change norms and behavior .
heartbreaking from  - as a young powerless woman trapped alone with a predator i did not run 
the lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed a refuge in times of trouble ( psalm  :  ) . shares hope through a topic too often not talked about .
let s stand for a future where all human beings can fulfil their potential in dignity . 
yep . wish it was one or the other but it  s both . and plenty . maybe should have filed a police repor to hospital a couple times 
i was a small child he was a relative . doctor said i would forget about it if we didn t talk about it . i haven t forgotten
when i was  i almost got sexually assaulted by a boy who went to my school .
we  reply here for all affected by this violence directly or indirectly . visible and vocal quiet and private however you choose to be . 
he panics when he sees you . you are only one that knows his history . you get to decide his fate . fired twice
julie a member of our board of directors discusses how our community can take to the next level
male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man means  - it s clear that artificial int 
my  1 stop  that predator was a girl . i was  . she was  & my babysitter . if only male violence counts where do i file this experience ?
says all you need to know . but instant  message no victim . survivor here .
there have been more times than these two but i denial  of  normal  t like to think about them . is not just me . it  s your sister mom girlfriend
currently stalked & harassed by hackers for refusing to date nasty fuckers online .  years & counting . changed phones numbers .
another story coming to light  - rebel wilson tells her experience of in the workplace .
funny how i feel more comfortable sharing this on twitter than on facebook but it is what it is .
all the who work tirelessly ( mostly beyond any limelight )  catch perps help victims reclaim full lives again .
we do but today was about the movement & healing from it ! if you would like to share your story please use :
bill clinton rape accuser slams monica lewinsky over via
he was a friend i thought maybe more . we were at my home . we were kissing . i said no . stop . he didn t .  2  4 th birthday . lost v card & shame
no . she didn t feel able to speak up publicly just yet . but she wants to at some point .
years of tops and cop calls finally got her to go away but it was miserable .
one of the best things i  have ever read about assaul some of the times i didn t consent  via
everybody read this . most honest and poignant account in the universe . many sisters will relate .
logged into facebook and found unsolicited porn and where are all the girls ? i  m so tired of feminists  double standards .
just so totally tapped out of politics for right now . the stuff is draining . give me hockey please
standing on a bus in a business skirt was not an invite for you to  cop a feel . 
knows that it was never the victims fault that it happened . believes you and got your back
please step down immediately . was just last week . what . the . actual . fuck ? !
don 't follow me unless you re interested in the are you following the dialogue ? what you re doing doesn t help
a few years ago i was at a luncheon with several male c  - level staff . a few extra folks attended and seats were running out .
a female coworker once said as i passed in the hall  look and that cute little butt  .
 reply  - defining manhood  new web log by on harvey weinstein & toxic manhood :
going   to get a little serious for a moment . isn  t just a fad . it  s a living breathing 
i feel love like this is true but is a bit of a mis representation of the word  global  
listening to your comments on wnyc brian lehrer show  - thank you for surfacing the power imbalances ! this has been my world for years !
we shouldn t feel afraid to speak out .  - the bbc s bbc rajini v shares her story of sexual harassment
just a reminder : today only is on sale for  ! check out what this winner is all about : & recovery . says : defiant & urgent .  a powerful debut novel .  conveyed with skill & emotional force
a man was standing by an underground parking elevator & followed me to my car . had just locked the doors when he grabbed the handle
mark halperin hurt so many of us but none of us ever felt safe to come forward . until now . 
if it was at work he d be fired . if it was a stranger he d be arrested . if it s a relative we keep quiet . i told after  years .
meet the originator of the movement tara na burke who started this movement in  
gave me the courage to post and share things publicly
when guys call you a bitch because you politely refuse to dance with them or give them your number
thanks for this . sharing is very personal the rules are different for everyone .
web log by first lady frances wolf : it  s on us to make sure bravery of victims is not wasted .
the culture of medicine promotes hierarchies and power dynamics . thinking of a situation that happened to me as a me d student . 
going through & posts : gives me confidence that together we can overcome our & change things for the better
campaign goes global even though it was started  years ago by who s black & not 
i will tell you what i have to tell myself everyday : never apologize for the state of your mental health .
great words from malki a cyril .  really proud of the movement for the people powered accountability it .
were offering these pins to anyone . we stand by the survivors who have shared their stories & the ones who have not . you are strong
my incredible sister doing critical work with the inspiring team 
! but where to even begin  - b  because it  s a constant navigation an every day struggle ; the nasty words the groping hands the leering !
you are such a special person in so many ways . so sorry this happened to you . you are not alone .
i was unable to fight the  1 stop  that time and too intima dated and naive the other times . i am so glad we talk to our children .
widespread abuse in kids sports shows how institutions enable predators  via
i convinced myself that it was fake until my brother turned  . i was  then and i realized the magnitude of what happened . (
tara na burke started the movement  years ago  via
in the latest newsletter : hot takes from audrey watters ( on tim alberta ( on profiling betsy devos ) patrick wolf ( on a desperate nyt ) and michael moore ( on school shootings ) . in your inbox now or sign up here :
the apple doesn  t fall far from the tree . here  s to hoping some particular apple s get run over by a f*c king  lawn mower . is no joke . 
hopefully their bravery has your attention . now what ? how will you change your behavior & attitudes ? your donations ? your vote ?
my mother was sexually abused by her grandfather .  she was  . she is now  and a firm progressive feminist ! so proud to be her daughter
and is tagging where i was groped from behind between my legs by a man who ran off . took me months to shake that .
sad that instant  message not sure which story to share
i honestly think it  s more than  in  who  ve experienced sexual assault or attempted sexual assault . probably more like  in  .
because of my experience i feel like i have to be cold to men i denial  of  normal  t know . and that  s not me at all .
it  s sad that i denial  of  normal  t know any woman who hasn  t been true this .
in india marital rape is still legal and until this week it didn  t matter if you were under  . also consider this in context of
join us today in pry z  to discuss the controversy with harvey weinstein the success of the campaign and what we can do now !
because i didn  t realize what happened was molestation until i was much older . no one ever explained my right to my own body .
this wonderful and very needed event . we look forward to seeing you all there !
if every house has a phool an devi the country will improve the world will improve .  - fuck   me dumb  ass
( it  s not to publicly shame your friends partners brothers etc . it  s to help them own up to their actions and
it doesn  t matter what you look like what you  reply wearing where you are or what time it is . no means no .
survivors march to take place sunday in hollywood  via
meet tara na burke creator of the campaign
all the tweets are heartbreaking . i have only the utmost respect and admiration for all the ladies coming forth with their stories .
wondering if woke up this morning thinking as she sipped her coffee and read text messages from daddy
it s not easy putting this out there . enormous respect and admiration for those who came before us and stepped forward . me too .
rt geoff dx : from social to fashion : wants to bring strong messages to your jeans  via wers m
ending rape culture starts with teaching kids consent ( by
i was just thinking about what experience i would tweet for and then a man yelled at me to suck my penis from his car so .
gretchen carlson on the harvey weinstein scandal : this is the watershed moment  - usa today 
i am now  years old and i still haven t built up the courage to say anything to my family but instant  message working on it .
i was  he was  i was still wearing my school uniform ! i couldn t tell anyone for months . it haunts me every day of my life
wow .  this is so wrong . no one should have to go through this .  i have never told my story in public .
didn t begin after harvey weinstein . ten years ago it was a black woman s idea .
it took a week for this to make it through the news food chain but main stream  media and nyt finally caught up with roots .
i  have thought on it long & hard . luck of the fucking draw i guess .
by the way she knows i  m so this was particularly perplexing . i only shared that info with my parents in the last couple of years .
holding little girls hands like they are dating or tickling them could be signs of grooming .
join mistress sunday morning to discuss what to say if a man tries to masturbate in front of you
how much good really came from the movement ? or is even asking that question too cynical ?  - via
it s funny none of these ladies stepped up when nfl players were beating their wives or musicians beat the hell out of his girlfriend ! but now you want to make a statement ? !
molested as a child raped at  . plenty of times as an adult i  have been harassed .
inspired this creative collaboration to bring solace to every heart touched by please share . 
still coming to terms with it as an adult and working through what happened but yeah
so proud of my friend & colleague and also of my home state senator 
the amount of statuses with i  have seen today is absolutely heartbreaking
a grandfather and  step father s . not believed harassed and blamed by my own mother . disowned by her and all siblings .
no big crowds vertigo adrenaline blasts freeze c  - ptsd drugged kidnapped tortured gang  - raped beat  - up ( not the face ) .
great work ! shared here :  best regards ipos institute is working tirelessly worldwide for often in challenging circumstances .
amen . that  s worthy of a on my part . grace is about having the opportunity to try again . proud of you 
listen to our legal & policy director talk about on this podcast : 
new report shows applies to female students at some miami  - dade schools 
i deleted my tweet yesterday because i was terrified of this being public . but it needs to stop . this shouldn t be the norm . 
sometimes it  s overwhelming to think about the past but then you remember how far you  ve come .
he was a friend . giving him a second chance just meant it happened twice .
filthy perverts have no place in government . alabama deserves better representation than unethical dirtbag vote for
a very personal piece by my friend casey ryan . casey thank you for sharing your story . 
legal issue ? what needs to happen next for the campaign to  call
he really doesn  t think he did anything wrong . that  s a real problem out there folks . 
i mentioned it during but then i caught someone retweeting it . didn t like the idea of my experience possibly being shared by a bunch of perverts . looked suspicious .
if you re wondering where my post is ( thanks for the emails ) i took it down . at  yesterday i opened .
horrific & sadly still pertinent story  years later . the actual rape & the horrific aftermath which impacted generation ally
i was attacked i was older >  by grady & randy was look out . luckily randy was too lazy to move windows so grady could go behind shed .
thanks  the internet  for proving to me that everyone is either a survivor or a predator  - yes hyperbole but not really
this antiquated thinking is part of the problem . it  s not my responsibility to make sure you  reply not attracted to me . 
dear have a strong hunch self  - harm has risen  among  to  year old girls =
we r not alone . we can b a movement of change in this country in ths world by dismantling old norms  rebuild a new . 
in post olympic gymnast mckayla maroney says she was molested  via
you can t get any cred as a white person so is your only way into victimhood ? come on you know what u r saying
if all [ those ] who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote  me too  as a status we might give .
simple words of jesus : poor spirit meek mourn merciful seek a pure and open heart . be unafraid and rejoice ! 
bitch please . what a fucking joke ! you  reply the only non skateboard athletes who  s professionally sponsored by a knee pad company .
i just somehow feel like my experiences weren  t bad enough to say how i felt until i was able  say 
i was  . he was a  year old who lived up the street . he took off his swim trunks & ran after me .  i was  . he was my great grandpa
stand up for your rights & each other . you matter . be a voice not an echo .  we are survivors . victims no more .
when done for a similar audience movements like can feel cathartic a holding of hands at a wake
is trending on twitter . perhaps check out the tag to get some insight into y your joke is repulsive .
is not unlike hashtags moments only go so far . down to keep growing the with you
after seeing the sheer magnitude of here and on facebook i  m surprised any of you even talk to us .
days tweeted  + million times worldwide & more allegations of made public . says
think you ve seen a lot of imagine how many victims haven t posted it .
just keep in mind that for every story out there on facebook and twitter  - i promise you that there are a dozen more not being posted
the cop blamed my  year old us the boy was never even contacted . we asked for it . no justice .
doctors teachers military and police officers odd no politicians . for all the minors girls as well as boys 
news  yeah  - predator . your not cured . it takes time . who r you trying  fool ? bunch o mar larky . 
news  yeah  - predator . your not cured . it takes time . who r you trying  fool ? bunch o mar larky .
i just can t stress enough not once or twice but my whole damn life . i would love to call out every scumbag for their actions .
did you know a black woman started the movement  years ago ?
rose mcgowan says she rejected  hush  - money pay off over weinstein charges
i wonder if any man is brave enough to admit to being a part of this culture will they indulge in the familiarity of
sincerely hoping that some will take these messages seriously and be accountable for their actions .
but when he told me a third time i did what he said because i knew he made  to look bad guns & i was scared . and because
not once but at least  1  5 times . not only by strangers but by relative and classmate too . not only silenced me but blamed me too
head of finance in a company in my  2  0 s because lax players high school athletes and so on  - harassed and grabbed 
as she dived into the water she realized she never took swim lessons . when she came up  4 air she knew she could overcome anything .
spacey contact they have a spot for someone like u ! morally bankrupt lawyers included ! 
meetings & rapacious capitalism do not fulfill promises . just because you didn t golf every other day doesn t mean you work . thanks for the ptsd memories . 
of what my brothers did to me . how often ( usually about  times a week  - if it wasn t  it was the other sometimes both in  night )
is harvey weinstein . the us congress is the  year old actress who trying seeking stardom . come on lawy makers .
) the boys in school  - growing up . i had to beat these little fuckers to defend myself .
also . unfortunately it happens to both male and female . god bless
as one who has been there it should be noted that all victims are so traumatized & may be threatened never to speak up & are so filled with shame denial rage and grief that they are unable to speak out ever or it may take years for others to speak out .
if your a parent or a teacher / policy maker  - must read article about empowering 
if you haven  t done it yet go check out the last two podcasts from with  and  too woke for church .  both are so rich !
in our book i reveal things about myself .  being molested by an uncle as a child .
the discussion is being driven by and drowned out by straight white male voices . this has got to stop and now !
my and feminist beliefs seems to be causing a problem . now there are pen ! s jobs in my house . laughing  out loud
once again we  reply seeing decisive leadership from the company simply does not tolerate creeps . 
inspired by i talked to a sexist i actually love via talking to dad
great talking w / sfv last night about in ca politics clean & more
has started so many important conversations and it has so many layers to it . please read this article by .
i cannot sleep tonight because is trending & for once we actually being heard and supported . you are all brave and this is magical .
i have seen a lot of on social media . this is truly heartbreaking
boss said he wanted to bash my head in . more than once . female coworker in his favor : aw that s just his management style .
check out  - help tell his story  - the truth must be told  stop all s 
that man who told me i sucked well ( exact words : oh thank   you suce s bien ) as i was eating an ice cream on the street ( i was maybe  )
. let us tell you when you cross a line even a minor  . it s not about being offended by everything today . it s my body . ( thread )
i was abused at a very young age by a cousin then again by a group of teens in denver i was  or  i  have never spoke of it until now
people are pointing out that a black woman started the  me too  campaign  years ago :  via
) the saddest part is that i  m not surprised by the hashtags filling my timeline from my family and friends .
sounds like you have some serious issues of your own . maybe you should seek some professional help .
my past does not define me ; however it has given me an incredibly strong desire to make a change .
starting at age  . i am holding survivors in my heart tonight .
to all the ladies out there it s never your fault . for those who have the power to change this you simply must do better .
great to meet you today thank you for standing up and out on this issue .
me too . it s not your clothes your environment your at t it dude your age your shape how much you had to drink or your fault .
some essential reading on behaviour and the culture behind it all esp the second half . 
it happened too many times to keep count of throughout the years ; i just know i wouldn  t wish it up on anyone else
moms of sons make sure you raise them to be respectful . do you want a rapist kid ?
floods twitter thanks to alyssa milano  - cnn 
and for my grandmother bless her soul as she rest in peace . we must stand united
if all individuals who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we might a sense of the magnitude . is here for
i was  when i was first assaulted but kept quiet out of fear . i still have ptsd about it . i am  now . it can happen to anyone .
in fact so much so and so many times it is just expected . oh and i  have heard the it s your fault because .
dear allies is harder to write than u may realize the quantity should sadden you . stand up & say
she in her feelings fine i don 't give a fuck but let s keep it buck while and write about lists
we also need to be loud when something is going right not just when it s wrong  - commenting on
i was fourteen . it was my grandmother  s husband . i guess i  ve just always considered myself lucky that i never got raped .
by clients & salesman in my  1 stop  that engineering job . conference attendee as a post grad & professional body board member as new academic
a wrote a whole column in response to that women need to name names . she had tweeted too but didn t name a name
did you know a black woman started the campaign  years ago . 
i am sure no media houses will cover this ! there will not be me too gangs ! scores of such incidents happening in kashmir every day ! 
at least you re something to look at you should let the girls out to breathe you can practice on me . those are the clean ones .
on a dance floor on the street in a workplace . also it  s not consensual if she  s passed out . even if you  reply married to her .
posted by : campaign on facebook and twitter shows pervasive ness of 
i want you to think twice before telling someone else to stop replying with because that is just not fair .
sisters .  we hear you . we see you . we believe you . striving for a day when there won t need to be a
how to respond to campaign  check out this huffpo article by past  - president m arter .
if he wasn t that rich the guy from fifty shades of grey would probably be a victim of hundreds of allegations
so proud of for being strong enough and brave enough to share her personal story : 
this just makes me sick ( er ) about the impact it will have on the victi  and survivors who are watching listening  - despairing . 
it took me over an hour to tweet this . i have never told anyone i had been drinking & was afraid people would say it was my fault
at some job in my  2  0 s a male coworkers would unabashedly stare at my chest whenever we talked . finally i gave him two choices :
the advocate mag : i live . i love . i create . i dream . through living i have won .
do not talk about it it s not that bad you ll get over it aren t you ashamed ? stop !  speak up you re not alone !
this is so disturbing but i  ve been there myself and understand how grooming works . there are an awful lot of harvey  s out there .
even after seeing my pain in sharing my story several partners still had the effor entry to tell me that they have a rape fantasy
this bitch deserves to lose her tag . she just cheapened every real victim with a cheap stunt .
i will take responsiblity but i am also a victim of sexual assault . fixing the issue stars t with admitting the issue .
the amount post i  have seen is not okay . our society has a problem
reading posts . mi corazon goes out to everyone who s sharing their story .
she ll win more than gold with this courage . she s won heart of our nation & saved lives w this disclosure 
those experiences have made me learn a little bit faster & made my skin a little bit thicker ( sadly you need to in these days )
these stories have me shook !  especially the stories from my friends . lord knows some of us have been through hell . you have no idea .
i remember being so consumed with rage . the hardest part ? not being seen as being worth defending . there was no solidarity .
new episode of is out . listen to and me talking about the media and surviving voices right here :
being a means that i doubt myself a little every day and yet i keep moving
no harvey hotels in chicago cake  - cutting ! so great to celebrate the passage of the landmark law with our champion and city anna valencia morning !
i was afraid to say it but you arrogant a * * who probably sexually abused someone i  m going to say it now .
i  ve been asked on dates by senior colleagues physically intimidated by a male supervisor and groped by an administrator .
tried all day to figure out how to write about it with the character restriction . decided said enough
and  older sisters also . adoptive dad told us when we complained you just don 't understand how much i love you .
real change will happen when the perpetrators acknowledge their role in
yeah what if we flipped the script and came from guys owning their shitty behavior ? that d be something .  
may god bless heal and keep you in his loving arms . in  years i was raped twice .
and the first time it happened in college was at a jewish frat party where i thought i d be safe . 
you know what means right it means you  ve been a victim of assault not that you like donald trump
dartmouth has long history of miso gyn body  od our culture . at  it got  - no tears for these perps . 
so wait . he didn t rape women or force young women to suck him off ? course not that s &
i went out with friends tonight wore all  of my wedding rings and still had random dudes rubbing on me in ways that alarmed me . so
serious ? : why should a male who has a still give the sermon to someone else ? how is this beyond his depth if it happened to him ?
these kevin spacey coming out memes give new meaning to the word brutal
from to  - new web log from on tackling this important issue in workplaces and beyond .
because i keep thinking about crying . because that doesn  t make me weak . because no tears will be shed for how sick you were .
hind ol totally correct . can u educate . many om my timeline re sharing the picture in 
this article is  worth the read and finally made me realize that i need to say 
justice ! correct processes and law change is needed to heal
i don 't know of anyone who has sexually assaulted a woman but i promise to never be silent if i ever come across someone who has
oh you re shocked ? really ? really . really ? pay a  - fucking  - t tention chad .  reason : am female
no matter what it is never your fault . never for a second blame yourself . you are worthy . you are beautiful . you are never alone .
you had one job  - listening . that s the first appropriate response to trauma . by the way .
i can barely type these words but and he s serving  years . i want to say more but cannot . proud of the courage shown today .
as famous voices chime in shares how she was told to pose nude lose  lbs in  weeks
( for all my friends who have bravely shared their experiences this week i promise to do better .
incest is the hidden part of the iceberg .  very under  - reported ( my anecdotal view not based on data ) .
don 't believe  a second we asked for this ! the victim carries suffocating shame confusion and fear . who asks for this ? no one !
is also the woman behind you in line at the grocery store and it is the woman next to you in her car at a stop light .
remember when you tried to kiss your daughter on the mouth and she almost threw up did it give you flashbacks to all of your kisses .
donated not only to help r a but also to show teachers are  watching how wrong he is .  he will not silence us 
. listen when someone complains opens up or off handily mentions a violation because it is a big deal . ( thread )
what s that saying .  if you can t beat them join them nyt like the snakes they are try to find a place in the me too zeitgeist 
rt and tweet hashtag if you have ever been sexually abused or harassed
before i begin the story behind these i want to share these words with you . 
1  9  9 something : riding home from a date . dude pulls over and suddenly exposes himself with no provocation .
rt make hollywood safe and end support this campaign by standing with me & 
as long as these idiots are still walking our streets i ll continue to carry my firearm daily ! 
when i was five a colleague a little girl kissed me on the lips . should i say give me a break . 
the chiefs dbs need to post on fb or tweet with the way the raider  s wrs have been treating them tonight !
we salute the thousands of women who have been fighting against all violations of women  s & girls rights .
sure wish they had . because any female walking naked anywhere should be helped . 
here it is :  -  - it has been  months since i decided to fight back denounce and press charges . but i .
2 step up &  2 end silence impunity call : boy the time  2 shy away !
even though we work in very different environments we share a common experience of being preyed up on .  we stand with you . devastating . 
so when i go to work in my scrubs and they have body fluid on them & i still get harassed is it my fault ?
. before labour ask if we have special requests for during labour  places not to touch words not to use etc .
please don 't forget the men who harass men as well . these cases do exist too .
rt grandma : . alyssa _ milano on  this was about showing that this happens everywhere . that it  s not just hollywo  
we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . hoosiers share
book is finally out ! epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
sunday  s sermon is available online . spoke about and facilitated a right of healing .
i eventually disclosed when i was  or so . to a school pal who said i needed to tell an adult . she went with me . we told a nun .
he got mad and stepped into my space & fondled my chest . i whacked his ass over the head with mandela s autobiography hard .
imagine if children joined in the chorus of remember them . this is the tip of the iceberg .
according to over  million people around the world took part in the conversation within the fuck   it 
. weak on sex crimes vs kids ; refuses auto disbar : porn or pornography site :
when you wake up to nearly every female on your fb timeline saying
proud of everyone posting their stories . we believe you and we support you .
out magazine : thank you alyssa _ milano for helping to raise the voices of others !
at my very job at  wondering what the hell was going on and how it could possible be appropriate .
stalking counts ? times  . plus one interrupted attack & some unwanted gropes & grabs . and that makes me a lucky one .
some years ago i was raped in my room by a hotel employee at the prestigious camino real hotel mexico city
a few more words to go a long with this is not just a trending topic . it s a reality . 
josy and i were followed by a man on campus at night last week until we visibly took out pepper spray
 literally keep your d**k  in your pants .  best signs from march
several years ago & almost daily . a woman in a  man  s  world of sales . the drive by s . the taunting from the street . it  s everywhere .
 exhausts us to the point where we cannot meaningfully act . it  s everything that  s wrong with social media . 
i wrote about some of my experiences in the space industry a couple of years ago : 
fist hollywood next don 't c are and state houses . the harassed have the power of truth . speak up !
advocates hold vigil at education department for survivors of campus assaults
to all the ladies out there for the campaign today there are a lot of good guys around and
just for a second imagine a guy posting  photos like this . they would be killed for not respecting wife and katy .
i  have never been silent . it pains me when i hear of friends who still are being victimized . let s open our eyes . 
erly  2  0 s  - coworker called me ( didn  t give him said marriage on rocks he liked me . always giving elevator eyes . mentor intervened .
i got all these women telling me i was getting raped by women for years ! i didn t even know !
just read this thread . breaks my heart for everyone that has ever had to go through this . 
the most vulnerable i  ve ever felt was at school and nothing was done . instead i was made to feel like i was overreacting .
your monday wake  - up call : hustler vs . trump . plus 
nyu : feminist clubs on campus respond to the aftermath of the harvey weinstein allegations
praying for all the hurt the wasn t asked for but was forced up on me and too many others . speak out . find healing .
and while we  reply at it let  s hold companies accountable for employees who catcall from company property . this morning :
the amount of tweets is heartbreaking . it s not your fault . you are not alone . i believe you . i am with you .
because it doesn t matter what you re wearing how much you ve had to drink if you say yes then change your mind . no means no .
i guess ann coulter has never had a sexual encounter she didn t like . got any preteen daughters anne ? asking for a judge . guess what when is too young for you ?  
 how is this gentleman a danger  denial  of  normal  t give them the satisfaction of calling them  gentle  tell my hips that word .
why is it too hard for guys to realize that the only person entitled to my body is me ?
i feel for you . my ex husband was one of mine . very strong of you to talk about it .
who will be the voice for disabled children ? epidemic : america s trade in child rape
watching unfold : homework stories other big name stories stories new twitter rules revocation of homework awards (
yeah i just checked it was . my parents took me  -  - must ve been a character  - building trip .
tonight at  7 p : talk plus sits down with gold star father khi zr khan
so many feels rocking in silver lake last week all my life get yeah free .
i have to tell myself he is gone and i have a loving husband brian but sometimes it comes back in dreams
so even if all this useless campaign does is make men rethink what they re saying and how instant  message good with it
for you men mocking the campaign you  reply the problem . you are why rape culture exists and persists .
i just published  spent the morning coffee moment in a mode which i  ve realized has been real my whole   
my husband was surprised to learn that because sadly being harassed is such a condition of being female i  d never mentioned it .
i still think about those four guys fighting over their turn with my drunk body
actually it was more than has brought back flood of emotions i had buried deep inside
not to mention a isn t an invitation to ask what happened . standing in solidarity is not looking for pity .
happened state funded safe house . supposed friend .
he was a good friend . i said no . i said it more than once . i was clear but i was also drunk so i knew no one would believe me
there is not a single woman in my family who can state to be safe from mother aunts grandmas cousins 
he got me drunk to the point i couldn t stand or even speak coherent sentences raped me and then .
let me tell your stories because not only do inspire me you can inspire others . message me and let s fight rape culture together .
in  case you missed  it from lawmakers on sex and politics :  it  s about a culture 
great to see you on talking about stepping into what the movement can become . thank   you for being a voice .
honestly and i denial  of  normal  t say things like this too much on here but is breaking my heart .
new : us committee on house administration announces hearing into sexual harassment awareness among house staff & members for
this is a great place to begin if you re a man and wondering how to make less pervasive in our society : 
my own office ( former ) at the asshole would always misbehave with everyone mostly after getting drunk at gatherings .
i shared on this but was still ashamed  go into detail . i was molested by a relative age   -  assaulted by a camp counselor
roy moore needs to go down . progressives need to support his opponent doug jones .
dear i love & grateful for her work & amplification but was created by a burke
important public  service  announcement : just because it hasn t happened to you doesn t mean it doesn t happen .
ps organizational leadership vs . management  i wrote this after being force out of my job after retaliation .
organizational leadership vs . management  i wrote this after being force out of my job after retaliation .
broke the silence for many . now action . keep the conversation going to
it can take weeks months and sometimes years to name it .  but it still matters that we do .
an older man just now came into where i work and asked me how i am not knocked up . no one is ever asking for it .
join us live on facebook at  p . m . et ! from to well be talking workplace
i hope the tide is turning . i hope my story combined with others makes other women feel less alone . but we need more than that .  /
the power of the flurry of the comments online is a reminder that none of us is alone  and that we all have a voice .  -
we see you . we love you . you don 't own the world your story . but if you are ready to tell it we embrace you and lift you up . 
elizabeth smart praises offers tips to keep children safe 
i remember my mom explaining to me how i should react if a pervert exposed himself on metro ( don 't give him the satisfaction she said )
. just told on that  million of tax payer money has been paid out to accusers of which occurred in by the members of congress in less than  years
oh please . is the privileged child of a senile serial predator she  d tweet if she could . 
these comments ring even more true with the different allegations coming out and the movement 
i never tweet but this is so important . i am heartbroken for those out there who are scared to speak up for fear of being ignored .
lauren houston is having the first in person gathering tomorrow morning  - would you share details ?
says it all : a who s contacted me to interview me about a i d named a name  - wrote as the email subject
can yeah please stop using the term biologically female in your endless naval gazing over who gets to say because that s fucking gross .
ladies every one of you that must take because pills for health reasons should write this journo with details of why ! 
retweeted cbs evening news ( has taken the internet by storm with over half a million .
god appears to be an extreme voyeur in my case with him watching my mind rape go on in a nightly basis into my  4  0 th year .
here are two great books very influential in raising our own daughters on protecting our precious children .
my home page is filled with sad commentary on parental training . what gives ?
it took me so long to believe that i truly had not done anything wrong .
when i was  i was still in school and a teacher verbally and emotionally harrassed me for an entire year
tonight i caught myself picking an outfit based on the fact i  d be riding the train alone .
for the thousands times i thought about giving up photography in the streets in my country .
it  s so sad that all of these people have to post their story just for us to somewhat grasp the seriousness of rape culture
if you wouldn t want it happening to your son daughter or another relative or friend you shouldn t be doing it to others
it has been said that there is nothing that i can say or do that will stop my mental abusers from mind raping the light within .
video : pick your fights carefully : dude gets beat up by  thai girls !  via kijk zo doe je that ! hoppa !
not everyone is ready to say know that it s okay . we stand with you as your voice . we
was  . am now  with a great life but the pain never goes away completely .
so much more important than the future of the person they raped ! perpetuating the rape culture . 
beyond proud to call such a strong woman family
exactly ! this is also why irrelevant bigoted mouthpieces like and bannon are finally being proven as the greatest threats to american culture we  ve seen . 
debated posting because my experience is so insignificant compared to most but it  s important to understand the prevalence of the issue
me too . i was   -  . he was  . he asked me if i was a closed  - mouth type of girl ( surprise he was married ) .
the dismissive ness of the plethora of allegations coming to light regarding and are disgusting !  is real . ( your is one of them ! )
easier to report a bad burger & get documented results than to report a rap harass men assault .
hundreds turn out in hollywood for the rally .  ucla basketball players remain in china under house arrest .
.  right to ogle me make comments reply me or otherwise harass me just because you have no self control . (
my father was pissed when i quit a waitressing job because the restaurant owner squeezed my ass .
jail = slave wages =  female inmates are on the front lines fighting the california fires  for only  per hour 
hands where they should not be vile words personal attacks bullying bosses who belittle and dismiss .
thanks m milano for doing this it truly brings awareness 
we are stronger than what happened to us we deserve to be heard we can keep going
were at a pivotal time where people have courage to against . please support
me too sadly . but shouldn t we all have realized alrd the magnitude of the problem without having to count the ?
an hrc supporter can t even admit she voted for her when i asked her . yet she is lecturing me on what trump said laughing  out loud .
former music executive :  we must come forward and name our abusers  ( guest column )
sigh i was  and working as a cashier in a burger joint when my  + something manager cornered me in the walk  - in and groped me
to all who have posted here or on fb to those who have not been able to post for reasons : you are not alone . we are here for you .
[ me too ] tweet goes viral to raise awareness about sexual assault and awareness 
welcome to deepti . yes it was overwhelming for sure . the sheer number of posts !
wow gross creepy guy staring while an all girls dance workout class is in the studio
] that same judge allowed male dbp to make a plea bargain to pay me a set amt $ in lieu of prison
i witnessed with my parents . the point is all my friends who have used and the ones who haven  t . i will do my best to pass on (
he was a close friend . he said he d tell everyone i slept w / him if i wouldn t . he wouldn t let me leave . he was forceful & strong .
thank you for using your stature for truth ; greater good . as a survivor it  s heartening to see this tweet . 
took my meds . drinking lots of water . called my mom . because it  s one of those days . and because
walking to class  - a schoolmate rejecting advances  - a suitor in pe settings  -  star ball players at work  - a district sales manager .
a * * key  * * question that anyone surprised by the scope of should deeply seriously reckon with . thanks to as always . 
just freaking treat every human being with respect and dignity . it  s really not that difficult .
groped grabbed assaulted  - unfortunately commonplace if you have ever worked in a night clu
femdom revolution ! bloody amazing solidarity today let s keep this pandora s box truly open !
i  have been groped carried to a bedroom i d never been to before & beaten multiple times after i had twins & husband couldn t b baby . 
imagine my hurt when i walked into court on  1 stop  that day of trial & all the other siblings + spouses were there . shooting daggers at me
if adding yourself to a list got things done then we wouldn  t have needed
because at  an older gentleman shouldn  t have been trying to guess my age and tell me how mature i looked .
promote the borderless income system offer and clients can start making money online from anywhere in the world . ==>>
 my pain is everyday  : after weinstein  s fall drumpf accusers wonder : why not him ? 
he followed me everywhere & creeped me out . he broke in my office stole my spare keys & jacked off on my desk then left a love note .
in ms boys would grab bra straps and we d complain & male teachers would be like cover your shoulders but we were wearing t shirts
reminds me of how i was gas lighted for calling this groper out who thought i wouldn t mind and that it was no big deal .
dr . beth oller shares her experience in the latest fresh perspectives web log post : 
rt theo fleury 14 : i am a and i  m a male i would like to know how many guys out there are just reply with the hashtag
little mama you got all the support in the world . you & . get that justice it  s yours for the taking .
would you spread the word reply : our gathering in houston ?  thanks if you can rt and join us !
 i  m sorry for all the times i stabbed men just a little in my previous workplace . after years of counseling i stopped stabbing men 
yes  - how often have we all heard that  - the snarky can t you take a joke when some guy just realises he has gone too far
has me giving crazy eyes all day and not just because i was raped in college .
but she s still lee red at because her body is curvy and supple . clearly only one use for it . this guy starts talking smack .
a from my colleague danielle penis about something that hit close to home . 
suffering is partly shame mostly because male colleagues are silent oblivious or in different
me too and the more i think about it the more shit comes back up . stop doing this to all of us and do something about it !  
campaign shines light on those sexually harassed or assaulted  - abc news
campaign shines light on those sexually harassed or assaulted  - abc news  - via
rape is evil . harassment is when flirting isn t tolerated . less yoga pants might help the harassment part . but rapists are born evil
we need to talk about consent during sex  not just before ! check out via
movie  - like distraction and gaslighting by inspired to out trend during right out of playbook of the american public 
movie  - like distraction and gaslighting by inspired to out trend during right out of playbook of the american public
right ! like i get blocked by who is the leader most facilitating child pornography in usa public and sexual harassment of librarians .
has some fucking nerve undermining his  black victim  contradicting his multiple white victims
the specifics change but the feeling is consistent : i was scared that i would lose my job if i spoke out . 
my father and brother are not abusers though . it s immoral to guilt those who did nothing wrong . 
this article is an important addition to conversations . with disabilities predatory behavior and callousness often follow . 
i am not comfortable discussing w others beyond close friends and family and i  ve hesitated to weigh in . but .
retweeted dr penis coughlan ( have the m g to community started as an alternate self pitying version of
at  an adult tried to lure me into sex . without any enticement a co  - worker undressed in front of me . then there s the groping .
the victims didn  t know each other span different age groups have different careers and yet they all had similar stories . liars !
being buxom = daily groping in the halls from  7 th  -  1  2 th grades . at  my moms boyfriend husband groped me & stuck his tongue down my throat .
not a fad the words me too are too vague for that could mean anything . this weekend we all knew what they meant . that s awareness
do unto others as you would have them do unto you ( or your mother sister aunt ) . boys r raised into predators because we allow it .
this is what i looked for after i was raped but couldn t find . hope from survivors n experts . rt !
thank you ! i hope we can all find our voice & unite against abuse . 
for weeks i couldn  t shake the thoughts . there were the details that came back to me and then there was figuring out what it meant .
when creeps went after my kids i wanted to castrate & skin them alive . yes i  have gotten arrests convictions restraining orders
i was a stranger on a train . he was drunk and deliberately sat opposite me and masturbated until i got off . he followed me . tm
he poured shots down my throat took my phone away left me on the couch while i was blacked out & i came to while he was inside me
managed to get to our bus stop where other friends were . they came up & started talking to u & said we were b*tches  .
i try making something positive come from it . it won t be easy with trump around .
aleesha barlow came down from the bay are a to take part in the march and rally in hollywood .
everyone has worked somewhere where there s that fella that can t keep his hands to himself an makes offensive comments
so in the numbers game of all experiences shared .  dawned on me just how many more offenders are out there business  - as  - usual ing it .
in the two most hostile environment for me i called it out . lost my job but hope i left hour stopping it from then on !
oh ! here s a fun fact : when moya doherty was making the silent scream in the early  9  0 s was a researcher &
hello rosanna no we will not !  dean heard that things rs interview & wants to meet him on his central park rock .
opinion : while powerful ignores how race & class intersect with gender to make some groups more vulnerable :
. as dear sugar on why we write and in light of is so beautiful . we all want to be known :
if you re sharing your story were proud of you . just remember you re not obligated to be vocal to receive love & support .
looking back i was big for my age and always looked older
unless it  s happened to you especially by someone in authority then you will never understand what victims go through
i was walking around like a ghost i lost my soulmate & the moment i come out of the haze i realize someone had victimized me .
this was the first year i told my boyfriend and i  have known him for  years . it was not easy because i felt like it was my fault
for me and the several students i work with who have disclosed to me in the less than three months i have worked on a college campus
harassment victims speak up but do men get the message ?
that odd moment when you read an undefined abbreviation in a paper and you nastily wanted to add reviewer comment because your brain is working in reviewer mode .
i was raped at  sexually harassed daily for  years in high school
a toothless woman in a man s world are you ? he said she shouldn t work too hard though he did but that s another matter
i was  when the ceo of a major tech company touched my thigh and commented that i seemed really fit .
- in  on the green line some drugged up creep sat next to me and put his hand on my leg .
i was only  he was  he said i could stay with him rather than go home to my abusive father . he lied he raped me
what paved the way for  -  - strength in numbers ? greater awareness ? consequences for perpetrators ? 
started my morning with a reflection from new book it was the perfect follow  - up to an inner  - debate on
waiting for the general public to be outraged by the amount of posts on their feeds like
late to the party but on a variety of occasions . not sharing on fb but feel like i can here . wasn t going to join in .
i don 't talk about my experiences but i know instant  message not alone .
i  ve been lucky so i stand in solidarity with everyone tweeting tonight .
. what about her rights ?  monica lewinsky tweets  - fox news 
i was at a large corporate party dancing tango and the official photographer took only crotch shots of me and turned them in .
stranger things star finn wolf hard fires agent over former clients claim 
because he laughed to my face after i screamed my head off with anger disgust and fear
this headline should be on top of the heard  through cause you  reply going to war too girls . 
i waited a day because i am really goddam sick of this being part of my history but here goes .
i was very scared for her . at the hospital the emt looked at my bracelet and so oh u go to flat ions .  me too . i needed that .  she is good !
reasons why talking about being a survivor matters  -  - especially right now by via
mine was my platoon sergeant . military covered it up until i attempted suicide and was in a coma . saw it all around . hope it changes .
i know all too well the heartbreaking reality of loneliness shame embarrassment and guilt ; we all know these feelings well .
new  york  city : teenager says nypd officers raped her while handcuffed in police car  via
for those whispering instead of posting : you are loved believed and cared for . you are brave . your safety is most important .
step up at work at school at home on the street anywhere so we don 't need to say 
i did a status on facebook and just remembered my dad recently added me .
can  t walk a block from my home without being anything from cat called to actually groped
in both cases i spoke up and was fired  - one small company and the other fortune  stand up
every women should speak up about it and every man should stand to give strength to women . 
part  of  pain to power with guest natasha lindor is up now . i d love to hear your story of overcoming
but it gets better . slowly . but you lose a lot in the process . and gain some . but future success is always tainted .
for all my sisters friends posting i believe you love you and stand with you .
i understand your solitude depression shame fear and hope for understanding and justice .
all were asking for is respect and dignity and to be treated like human beings . 
on now : catch ceo david on show on to discuss last nights community dialogue in response to
is breaking the internet record number of tweets and all over facebook too .  
same . invited me  2 sit on their faces i ignored they called me a dog barked at me i went up nearest drive hid behind garage 
asking for the next step implies there is one . implies  - as rape culture does  - that the victim should already have taken it . (
not only once but twice because back then you didn  t report or say anything because you were afraid and no one believed you anyway .
just because you denial  of  normal  t think what you did was a  big deal  doesn  t make it right .
we took the room where it happened and turned it on it s head to be about consent : 
wow . went on a business trip to boston  - we ate and drank them he had our rooms together and said he forgot his toothbrush
i was  it was summertime i was with my cousins . a teenage boy grabbed at my breasts . i remember thinking what did i do wrong ?
i will not let anyone make me feel as if instant  message a victim of abuse . and i  have been abused .
watch : my brave brilliant friend poet & performer is on the tonight talking about
he was the  older cool boy .  my friends warned me about him but i didn  t listen . i was very wrong .
reaching out in respect and support of all who have had the courage and strength to share this hashtag xx
guess this guy is not clear on what means or represents . for  fuck's sake .
when they met with the dean of students they said the only reason they came forward was because i had the courage to do so
i tweeted reply my experience as a survivor as a student at sadly from
 be loud . be proud . persist . resist .  shares powerful words of encouragement during her talk with
 if i were to post my own the list would be so long . i believe it basically happens to fb  s maxine williams
silence is crippling . telling the hard truth is revolutionary . did something revolutionary writes 
and would do anything to protect my daughter from the confusion of unwanted advances from so  - called friends .
/ she said she told my grandparents what happened and they believed her but they made her not say anything because no one else will and that would cause the family shame .
i spent years in a horrendously abusive relationship because deep down i thought i deserved it . i didn  t . no one does .
most common posts in my feed are a video on privilege and seemingly unrelated but actually very related .
nytimes : i could not forget what happened to me that night : inspired by she accused an oxford professor  
you are dead to me . you had a week to prep for this interview and tired is what you lead with . really ?
okay i should abandon all social media until this hashtag goes away
was called a slut on the street in san francisco when i was obviously pregnant . that baby isn t even his ( pointing at my husband )
surprised by the number of claims ? it s everyone s dark secret . we must and
i was out back in the garage . two older boys came in the garage and ordered me to strip & threatened to hurt me . i was  .
first memory of it : i was  . wearing a new favorite dress with flowers . howled at in a parking lot with family . never wore it again .
i  m tweeting for the students on campus who have not found their voice & struggle in silence .
starting this in hopes of creating the reality check provided . i ll start .
for a while i wasn t even sure if it was rape because even though my mind was yelling no my body was so scared it just gave in .
now this news : mckayla maroney says she was molested by the u . s . team doctor when she was just
-  -  - gay men refusing to stop flirting when you ask them to stop ; straight men thinking it s my privilege for them to flirt with me
i dated this shitheel in high school who hurt me & i didn t tell anyone i was  & scared & ashamed
what is so disheartening to me is that women often denial  of  normal  t support other women who are sexually harassed
you hope things will change .  but sadly it s a man s world
the enormous response to gives a sense of how pervasive this predatory behaviour is . but what s next ?
and fortunately he faced consequences . it still took me weeks to accept it was not my fault .
this professor just dead ass compared to the united breaks guitars videos . okay .
i wrote about my in  for . instant  message reply  - sharing for anyone who needs it . 
my sister  s husband put his hand in my underwear because he thought my butt was sexy . i was  .
you may see the effort and wonder what you can do to help . is a good place to start :  
if you tweet i hear you i see you i believe you . thank you for your courage .
not really ready to share with my facebook friends and probably never will be but
forgive my black humour  - sometimes it s necessary . if you didn t laugh you d cry .
is empowering but it s sad we have to prove this shit keeps happening to us .
. and i don 't ever want to talk about it and i shouldn t have to share this for the problem to get attention .
as a survivor it is a choice to disclose and it takes nothing away from your resiliency if you choose not to . that said :
because in  2 and grade a boy hit me in the face with pvc pipe & later cited his crush on me as part of his apology
floods twitter thanks to alyssa _ milano rt zaibatsu
but i also get the point of me too because it seems like this isn t really believed & we are exaggerating about the times it has happened .
sadly may our voices bring awareness . may we come together . support each other . heal . may we all be surrounded with
without thinking i zipped up my jacket because prof was staring . sad to realize it took years of training for that automatic reaction
+ for my daughter started at  years old . didn  t find out until she was an adult after she was raped .
thread that reveals another dimension of how bad it is  -  - that the things she mentions are seen as normal by so many of us . 
and something to eat . he thought it would be okay to harass me . he had been harassing our bartender all night as well . he is scum
a special facebook live video coming up in the next hour . be on the look out !
reading all of the posts is heartbreaking . it s a reminder of the magnitude of the problem and how much .
that s straight bullshit safe spaces done exist unless we make them .
i too have been too fearful and silent and ashamed for too long . confronting has been hard on me . what you wrote helps so much .
the solidarity created by the community is great but how can we galvanize this hashtag into action ?
the whole point of is to show how many of us are affected . the only acceptable response is this isn t about politics !
when i was young i remember playing in my front yard and being cat called by the landscapers .
great piece from for all men all men including the  good guys .  
/ as i read and watch those who tries to discredit the roy moore accusers by calling the liars and the why they didn  t come out sooner nonsense not only angers but is disheartening
there was this guy once he was thinking about raping me i was sure of it . i mean he was on t . v . but i knew it because in had a vaj a
if someone on your facebook feed shares a post don 't just scroll past it .  this .
looks like broke twitter with no idea what the solution is but at least were in it together .
as she looks through her news feed she has realized instead of it is more like  feeling sad
when i was  an older mean boy started stalking berating ridiculing & beating me . when i was about  he tried to rape me .  /
there is a sense of privilege with being able to out yourself as a survivor ( as messed up as that is ) . i struggle with this and recognize this .
3 years dodging a boys  hands laughing off innuendo and trying to pretend it wasn t happening . but i got out ! 
video shows former  4  9 er ray mcdonald threatening ex  - fiance and child
were so proud of our partner for taking on the flood of calls after went viral !
gad fcs ( home of the rule of to california to run the la foster care on heels 
every time i take a sip of alcohol i think about the brave people who got the  1  8 th amendment repealed . me too #
good lord . roy moore s baby brother likens him to christ . on a crutch maybe . how can christians lift up their heads with these yahoo s spouting such biblical bullshit ?
serious question : does an innocent cat call warrant a seems some are taking a lot of liberty with it .
you should be able to walk alone at night and feel safe
when i was in college i worked in a casual office environment . was talking in hall to coworker . out of nowhere .
truly difficult to admit this : multiple times in diverse ways ; me too
indirectly i give trump credit for helping expose how so ? i ll explain . a sordid tale of specks & logs .
i don 't really support this hashtag me too shit it is getting shitter with every passing day .
for all those bravely sharing their stories you are loved . for those survivors who choose silence you are loved too .
.  yet another scandal that exposes a culture that became a system of secrecy  - our latest web log 
stop saying that i should have done something that i should have defended myself . you freeze . you get scared . that s what happens .
we admire the courage and solidarity happening on a global scale . 
look forward to giving my thoughts tomorrow live on w / 
multiple jerks have made inappropriate comments literally chased me around the work site fired me for being pregnant .
survivor of adult male on adult male rape . tricked & trapped  years ago . never reported & still feel emasculated .
. hour is often ineffective & seen as an internal police force .  will protect person in power .
as a medical student dean writing my residency rec letter implied there was a quid professional quo for a good rec ; i declined . ( thread ) 
you serious ? the fear of retribution is overwhelming even decades later . find your compassion sir .
nina . i have held my rage in for years and years . uma for many decades . humiliation fear and shame stifled my voice . broke me down .
monica lewinsky tweets  of course . she has to use every opportunity to extend her questionable family
so for those who are still struggling to openly say we understand . we send you strength and peace .
what the hell happened to you to turn you into such a hateful person ? why don 't you just drop the politics and just be a human being ?
response to your forward article today dear may i m : you are a victim too 
i was  . a neighbour . i was doing a paper route for his sick son . he pawed me and tried to hug me and kiss me . i confronted him 
but since began recommending chance of contracting as child leaving adult vulnerable  severe case ?  /
retweeted sylvie my entire facebook feed is filled with heartbreaking . even as a .
shame on you  your divisive & deceptive tweet on ! trying to make choose our beloved military soldiers & a revered beloved { is evil racist & unpatriotic . stop it !
working as a nurse it s when male patients make inappropriate comments as i care for them . whatever the level this has to end
not surprised !  all this sexual predators makes me sick ! really sick they give me anxiety 
. please comment about the scandal here in france ! professor at oxford who is a psychopathic rapist !
i denial  of  normal  t feel relieved by  me too .  perhaps a little validated on what i already knew . we should not need to
i must live with the scars of what i survived but will channel my pai towards listening believing & empowering .
. now the gop feels that roy moore is the victim . no wonder they waited  years !
let us not forget or pretend the current occupant of the oval office is in league with these entitled abusive predators .
so this article is basically everything i have experienced and witnessed most of my teen through adult life .
when i was in middle school and right before i came to college .
i can still remember at least  specific times off the top of my head that i was followed to a new location .
for years i was terrified to even have a photo of myself online in fear of my harasser finding me . and it still lingers . i was  .
it  s all over .  not just in hollywood or don 't c are . it  s in small towns and big cities all across the country . but we are no longer remaining silent !
i adore her ! glad she is finally being listened to . i am tired of seeing her be the brunt when she is incredibly clever . 
i am a victim but i am also a survivor . i am here for anybody who needs support and love . thank you . (
okay guys .  just going   to say it .  i was kidnapped as a child and held captive for  years before i was found .
public shaming of workplace harassers may force employers to stop protecting them  
it just keeps getting worse .  it s always been there but at least we aren t hiding it anymore .
but do fight for what is right . because life isn t about being a toothless woman in a man s world .
ny bravo television guests are drugged & drunk for andy cohen show
i  have been doing a lot of thinking about memories that i  have held back over the years . all i can say is
retweeted nathaniel friedman ( it s really hard to read through tweets but that s exactly why .
because i was almost left in the middle of nowhere for refusing to have sex with a guy i thought was my friend .
oh it happens  little boys too ! and i have the starting at  to prove it . and 
what  s wrong with this picture ? come on america ! you let this dangerous cheese doodle in the white house . no more 
i was cornered by a group of boys and groped at homecoming because i had dared to wear something pretty and confidence boosting
once after a date with a nice guy that i thought went really well
at  i was at a concert where i was moshing in the pit . i snapped out of having fun when a stranger grabbed my breast . night ruined
i saw a veil of tears a litany of shame . i had planned on just checking but i was compelled me to write a post .  because of course  - victoria botero opera singer
no . not a person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble . but you sound like one ! grow up wanna be bully !
happens with my friends also and it s fucking irritating .  as a male sometimes i hate myself
yes . thanks . so important to keep telling this story ! i am one of the  . age  .
in more ways than i care to discuss and so sad that i remain silenced
hey  - i remember your nasty a $ $ trolling the santa anita racetrack backstretch on the look out for young girls .
i was so stuck in my shame that i managed to convince myself that i was at fault for being assaulted by a man  times my age . (
microphone wake up : trump  s new record low nfl players protest and rallies in france via 
in high school on vacation . he ignored my no  s & held my head down . he was popular i said nothing .
were so proud of amazing talk and her important work on and the issue 
step one denial  of  normal  t rape people . step two congratulations you  reply not a rapist .
much pain & anger through the years but my dominant response has been resignation . i  d like to hope though . and i hear allied voices .
is the first movement to actually give me hope for change . even if it s just awareness  it is so important 
welcome to jessica . well put i felt the same when i saw go viral
still calling me bitch for doing so will cost  million united  states  dollar 
so much love support and respect to everyone especially to those like myself who can  t oust themselves or their experiences
faulkner is the only person i  have talked to about it . he holds me when the memories hit and wakes me when the nightmares haunt .
tonight while carrying groceries and wearing a coat i was called a slut for standing outside a planned parenthood at a crosswalk
a lament is not simply a cry of what  on  earth . it s a call to action writes
is all over in response  women coming  4 ward against hashtag used by women who ve been rape by anyone .
not to mention the stigma you may face by adding your name to the list publicly .
my last boyfriend emotionally abused me during the last years of our relationship . shamed me for my hair and ethnicity . i dumped him .
church you will never be able to help women heal until you own that you too have hurt these women
after a facebook list names south asian academics . some say it  s a step too far .
being groped ( family . friend ) while still trying to being a kid .  taught me about .
tara na burke : didn t start with harvey weinstein via
tara na burke : didn t start with harvey weinstein
retweeted good morning america ( . on  this was about showing that this happens .
- some things you suppress and try to move on from but you will never forget . we must stand strong together in
bus sidewalk metro home work school shopping concert monument . and these are just the ones i wasn t too exhausted to forget
) if you re ever walking with me you  ll notice i  m constantly looking over my shoulder & around me . it doesn  t matter who i  m with .
so many times i lost count . and why are only the celebs high lighted ? do we the common folk have no voice ? !  
a brief run down of the industries and most high  - profile cases spotlighted by so far :
dispelling the myth of the girl who cried via  fake reports no higher than other crimes 
9 th grade walking in hallway with teacher he casually put his arm across my shoulders so paternal then cupped my breast and left 
by the doctor . were not even safe w : those who are sworn to to hippocratic oath . a dr . of mine went to prison for raping patients .
we  ll b talking about my  - athletes have had far fewer legal rights than students and  ees  - solutions ? 
worked as a hostess at a nice restaurant & also in the gift shop of the playboy club while i was in college . constantly !
to everyone out there who thought that it could never happen to you the good news is that you can move onward & upward
( thread ) in  i was staying in atlanta in an apt rented by a production company writing songs in hopes to record an ep w / them .
you were created for a purpose . use what you have right where you are and make a change in the world . someone out there needs somebody like you .
suffered for too long kept quiet even longer . not worth it leaves you with craters instead of crevices .
let us not learn about evil age ! teach our children respect  all 
confession comes at a high price  - a sane article explains why ( with help from foucault ) we cd do better than follow 
after presiding at a wedding the uncle of the groom gushed about the ceremony and gave me a hug . his hands went south .
i for one don 't want a trump lover trying to by shooting my face off . that s why this female is scared . 
i  have been brave enough to report guess what ? nothing changed that chap is free as a bird on the tree .
the entire hallway went dead silent . because here was this girl . standing up for herself when no one else would .
if * you decide to report or to police this link gives comprehensive info : 
here s what i did back  - grabbed him twisted hard and said leave me the fuck alone ( and it wasn t his arm i twisted )
for all those who did and did not share : i believe you . it wasn t your fault . you are brave . please be kind to yourself .
] & afterwards he created panic situation telling me had plan to kill me which caused me to flee &
the ladies of mom juice shared their experiences in this weeks episode on
why does the gop continue standing behind donald trump ? 
 the way he presented it it was like  this is how things are done .   not anymore ; takes it s grip on society . 
when i first saw i thought of the me too monologues & it made me proud that those convos were happening on campus years ago
because assuming she s just mad at her boyfriend as an excuse to not intervene and watching it happen doesn t make you any less at fault .
alyssa milano elevates harvey weinstein conversation with hashtag
started in  4 th grade through every single boss & this prez ( nice rack lose the suit ) . handy mansplainer s all .
women must advocate for ousting office holders who are not champions of women  s rights equality and respect .  and
i think you can use or whichever you feel like or both . instant  message so sorry that happened to you .
if a girl passes out in your bed from drinking too much she shouldn t have to wake up & realize that meant she was asking for it
this movement is dope but like how about the next movement is where we all tag our rapist on fb ?  fun idea ?
i am grateful you are doing better . love yourself and live your truth .
. if this is the gold standard what s the excuse for the gop keeping trump president ? .  
all of u out there ! it wasn t your fault . don 't blame your smile the nice dress in your closet . you re smart & gorgeous .  u always will b
please show your support by posting these in response to  - we are listening
god he does . my ptsd resurfaces everyday & my healthcare sucks . hey public servants & 
retweeted miss shannon ( you denial  of  normal  t understand the pain you  ve left me it still haunts me .
to those who aren t ready i acknowledge your presence and your pain . you are seen heard and important .
indeed not easy to call out on colleagues or anyone for sexual harassment . kudos to mp for proposing measures . sexual harassment in the malaysian parliament
 voice  star meghan linsey : country music needs it s own moment
 voice  star meghan linsey : country music needs it s own moment 
is it okay for my teacher to reach there in the middle of my class ? seems personal .
members call accused  leave race after allegations ! 
clarification : you re talking about trump right ? you are disingenuous and hypocritical . such hate = inner poison . i feel sorry for you
lauren agee  was likely murdered & possibly raped . tn authorities denial  of  normal  t care but her mother does . check out the & you will too . 
also important : the context of what is happening in larger social media universe . with posts it lands as poorly thought  - out strategy
i don 't want to explicitly share my story as it s too touchy still . but ladie please know you aren t alone .
do they even understand them not naming names is just as bad as what others did to cover it up in the past ? maddening .
engr university people on roads in the bazar on a bus stop by the passenger on the seat behind me on a bus bit  torrent no way i speak up
it s a request to everyone if you can t support or contribute + vely in any way in this movement please refrain from doing anything .
watch and learn by how childhood affects health across a lifetime via
for all the self  - invited breasts pushed on my body in a crowded situation .
in the post  - weinstein world : do black victims matter ?
i was  & a friend of my brothers who was  followed me up to my bedroom . he didn t listen to all the different ways i said no !
watch the segue on this issue consider who has had recent cases in cps in last  1  0 y . article links concerns 
it s going to take time for me to speak about it but just know you re not alone .
imagine for a second a male doing this . where is the outrage from the left or ? why no public condemnation of this ?
forgive yes . but to forget is impossible . healing comes but the emotional scar lasts a lifetime .
thanks for saying we took hamilton s the room where it happened and made it about consent : 
retweeted naomi law imagine if instead of abusers finally too overwhelmed by their guilt .
that falcons defense has getting ready to start tweeting out so they can  t hurt anyone else .
i wonder how many voted for bill clinton ? or his chief enabler hillary
my wife god rest her soul i would touch her she would jump i d ask she never answered
but the full credit has to go to actress for starting the trend !
in fact i ll never forget : passed out in frat brother dorm suite where we had been drinking & the boys had slept on the floor all night
i  m at tonight in a sea of kids whose lives will be made better by the brave actions of a few
it has everything to do with the mindset of this country thinking it s okay or well she doesn t mine .  she asks for it
no means no and i wish i would  ve understood better  years ago when it was happening because it was not love .
respect for prof tweet . powerful reminder that the personal is political .  
it used to be when we saw celeb names trending on twitter we were worried they died . now we worry they  reply outed as predators
in college . at a party . at a friends . in texts emails online . on dates . in an interview . walking in don 't c are bklyn jamaica & atlanta .
i had an abusive boyfriend in high school it didn  t stop at being hit . no means no .
all a long i had deliberately not asked for the support of the other siblings  - i didn t think it was fair to ask them to take sides
wow . very powerful piece . while she regrets her previous silence her power to say no to him was very brave . 
my daughter posted today . my husband was distraught . it was because her boss make comments about her weight . explained
low key crazy how all of these women are coming out about being sexually assaulted as a result of the campaign
hundreds in hollywood march against .   - the take back the workplace march and the survivors march joine .
the kind of $ hitty mind that supports abusers ! the diseased fruit didn t fall far from his disease rooted tree !  
at  i worked in a bank . my boss insisted we all come to his party after hours . his buddy accompanied me home & raped me .
whether you reported or not . whether charges were filed . whether your perpetrator was found guilty you matter .
unfortunately growing up i never saw my behavior as problematic . i still slip up now and then but i try to catch & correct myself 
me too . two simple words created a paradigm  - shift in less than  hours . what else is possible ? 
you all need to make a clip of the last part of the epi so it can go viral please ! it s so important
even the seemingly  - enlightened like are clueless & he initially says of louis ck i won t defend him . this is inexcusable then black says he believes cks actions were not violent or threatening .
it was swept under the rug and i know i am not the only one this has happened to . i feel like sharing my story may help others .
i am a survivor of multiple abusers and i fight everyday to be alive
my girl caitlin wrote an important piece & i think you all should read it . 
when a former boss tells you he  s a student of the female body
with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence justin jb ari so
with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence :
with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence
with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence via
with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence 
inc : with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional intelligence justin jb ari so
i denial  of  normal  t have the words right now but thank you for doing this .
there was before today s thanks to a powerful wise woman . thank you 
discussion of starts now . listen live at am820 in new  york  city or anywhere at 
a boss tried to kiss me and i lost my job . he kept his .
i too am waiting for the backlash louis ck roy moore and a glimpse into how might end 
was off the beaten path in vegas and oh my  god cat called did this without thinking and was told to chill .
female ( and male ) physicians of twitter do you have a story to share ? you re not alone . 
is a heartbreaking trend but one that needed to happen . you have a voice . use it to help others . 
elizabeth smart was abducted as a child & escaped  months later . people said  months huh ? mormon family probably hid a pregnancy .
and what hurts the most is trying to teach my daughters how to protect themselves when it happens to them .
mortifying . i felt disgusting and ashamed . i left to go home shortly after .
when a guy twice your size purposely invades your space even after you ask him to move because you re uncomfortable
there is absolutely no reason why a female should have to say no or stop more than once . no & stop means walk away !
something we shy away from talking about in and community .  but .  we have nothing to be ashamed of
having  daughters i sympathize with you in i now understand why my coaching didn t work . but i am proud of all i saw you become .
whether or not you want to share your story know that we stand together . you re not just a statistic and you re not alone .
after reporting him this guy d step in just lurk in my class while i taught . also took a bite out of my sandwich in workroom .
god i miss when those tapes came out they resurfaced horrible memories up that i had thought were finally processed . 
this conversation had to happen . now what s next ? how can we work together to see that things change ?
rt voices r louder when we raise them together . team   kill action :
wow . so worth reading . by a dude . in response to what i  m getting at here is that the explicit .
i talked about the biggest incident this year on stage to a big crowd . 
aside from the constant and typical cat calls and whistles i was groped ( chest and butt ) 
monday on discussed tip of iceberg being groped fondled hit on on plane at a university office dentist or
you can  t use a platform of sexual molestation to discuss sexual orientation . absolutely unacceptable .
close family member and stranger when a child . should never happen
when your a sophomore in college and sb wants to offer u an internship on linkedin but he touched and kissed u consent at interview
because : i almost didn t post anything because i didn t think my experiences were as bad as others which is part of the problem .
can  t really talk about it but glad society is talking about it finally
hate that it s a natural reaction to freeze until it goes away . teach girl
if u ever ever been raped please speak up . it  s only up to u if u want to be heard . u all with have my total support !
i suppose comes into play because i pray staying up that extra hour on weekends prevented one of my residents from getting hurt .
put your attitude back in your pocket and realize that we aren  t asking for you to be a saint but just be a good person
to all sharing horrors : thank you for your courage . we see you believe you & stand with you ! 
i believe you you didn t ask for it it doesn t matter that it was years ago i understand because it happened to
for all my friends posting  - i see you & i hear you . i  m so sorry for what you  ve had to go through
when you  reply too afraid to say but it  s not trending anymore so it  s probably safe now .
women ! women ! women ! women ! the natural leaders of movement . long live women ! may all of trump s women get justice ! 
far too many times to count and from an age too sad to post .
stunning comments from all those who respond to her and somewhat defend o reilly . no respect sometimes no moral values . 
no means no ! and un wated touch is still unwanted ! just because you don 't say anything doesn t mean it didn t happen !
thanks  starting a trend . i wonder if we can make this global multilingual &  - thoughts ?
morning comes the fog lifts spirits heal souls find comfort injury becomes bold determination to protect others &
because using sexual assault victims to further an agenda is empowering .  oh wait assault victims getting trained & armed is empowering 
social media amplifies experiences action  - burlington times news
in this age i can  t stop thinking about how president bill clinton is not coming up .
i am just beyond disgusted by the amount of hate and lack of understanding
these posts are hard to read but i think that  s part of the point .
is it okay for a teacher to shame me about by nice legs in front of my whole gym class ?
and god love you you poor wee scrap you had to live it i  you have nothing but my utmost respect you are amazing i
i went to a boss with an issue . guess what they did ? absolutely nothing .
 why i got on social media in the  1 stop  that place . issue is for family .
reach out to your neices sons daughters sisters etc .  find out their truth !
reaches illinois capitol as open letter details misogyny in springfield
reaches illinois capitol as open letter details misogyny in springfield  via
the law is about hearing both sides of the argument . publishing a list with names of alleged accused is preposterous .
calling  the removal of the actual polic that protected your alleged rapist is more commendable than a pity party
while you hide in hole and leave asia and americans to deal with your fallout . you ve never paid a price for your actions .
when will rose mcgowan file charges with lapd ? pay attention folks .  
my friends just kind of shrugged and said  okay thanks for coming out tonight ! 
bosses . at least  men when i was a teen . countless men in public .
reminder : olivia munn alleged james to backs pal brett ratner jacked off in front of her 
nbn boss bill morrow shows true leadership in response to  via
that i owed him . he grabbed my arm and continually said you owe me . when i walked away he followed me around the bar .  (  )
a5 :  / impact of highlights the value of discussing how to deal w / panic attacks + setting boundaries content
/ which is why because i was a young female soldier during those years . those above me abused their power . no way to speak up .
you  reply one badass survivor babe . i was shit   happens  d and i came forward .
huh ? two days after misses the memo by inviting george homework bush to the field for game
] : when i nearly lost consciousness & i heard him say to himself she s dead and he left .
i believe you and am sorry you weren  t heard then . i was abused by family as well . much love .
 i denial  of  normal  t want to see allyship where people speak up only when i  m around .  ~ gia  - rayne harris . tru dat . pertinent to convos too .
my nickname in headshot was tits  - tan . i had a boy grab my breasts on the bus when i was in  6 th grade .
kevin spacey  s behavior on the set of  house of cards  wasn  t a secret 
come on ellen . with all the attention properly brought to these issues now ? are you cat  - calling as well ? 
now discusses sexism and in america s national security space : 
in loving arms hi  - lites the protective role of grandparents & other kin raising children exposed to trauma .
rt please : in the industry .  women in front & behind the camera . we women can do more then makeup & sew .
i am sorry for the indelible scar & hurt that has occurred to every human being who i affected beyond gender
yeah i thought you might enjoy reading this ! sadly  has gone viral
it  s incredibly uncomfortable reading the tweets but that  s the point i guess
if i was bolder would look like tagging my father on facebook as a child molester . he molested my sister too .
when a guy tells you exactly what he wants to do to you .  and it wasn  t by invitation . ( also  known as a stranger )
so guys are you a little surprised at the extent of the on your twitter or facebook feed ?
for all of those thinking they might ve done something wrong been to nice been misunderstood etc : it wasn t your fault !
getting set up this morning to create a podcast with to discuss the
i believe you . thank you for sharing your story . i feel less alone .
thank you for sharing your story . survivors stand together i was  years old .
is happening now says  ironically by the fact we have donald trump in the white house .  on
i didn  t learn to drive in drivers ed . in fact i never drove the car that whole semester because the teacher was a creep . 
outraged by the racist sexist treatment of anita hill during her  testimony elsa barkley brown deborah king and mobilized fundraising to buy this ad in several newspapers including the nyt . learn more :
tara na burke  - creator of here at hofstra  - nov .  pm in cultural center theater ! 
my only concern with the hash tag is that we will make the inappropriate actions of others so common place that it becomes acceptable
( cnn ) me too i tweeted this morning .  but of course . on sunday night the actr 
police forced nude photos to prove me innocent who s the pervert ?
remember that your experience is still real even if you don 't want to publish it on social media .
& apparently that was relevant for whitman lawyers to bring up at deposition for our sons wrongful death
i felt broken hearted ashamed embarassed . i had no idea why i reacted like i did but my mind knew to do the opposite .
the more i see of the hashtag the angrier i get . because these things happened and so many didn t say anything . we have to do better .
because now when strangers reach out to me on the street i tense up & move a little bit faster .
please remember there are many who can t share their experiences . they aren t any less strong or brave .
not so much normalize as minimize . we are taught not make a big deal not to call attention . i am sorry .
you are not alone so many have felt your pain it is never your fault there is hope there is help
and i sometimes react due to ptsd triggers . grab them by their pussy is a big one for me .
to the guy who didn t understand i just wanted to go to the carnival not to the back of the school .
so i guess don 't mean when it just means supporting us unless we throw a god damn fit ?
with m one you president of producers guild of america suppress fact that you cast black movie white
this is what abusers do : roy moore alabama senate candidate tries to discredit accusers 
and no ones talking just generic comments tweets and to clear their conscience but do nothing concrete .
i was stalked by a crazy ex  - girlfriend in several different states years after we broke up in  . i was very disturbed .
that didn t take long but i just saw a guy try to make a funny joke co  - opting that  ) wasn t even funny and .
a guy once asked for directions . i approached the car and he was masturbating . grabbed my hand through the window and put it on his !
elizabeth perkins names james woods at march
i denial  of  normal  t think there  s a woman who hasn  t been harassed if not assaulted .
denver the calls forced splits video painful to watch declines to file charges 
her name is tara na burke and she s a phenomenal organizer and leader and has been for years . has been happening .
so sorry . i couldn  t listen live for that reason . to close to home for me .
elizabeth perkins calls out james woods at march
elizabeth perkins calls out james woods at march  via
race ahead : mpw next gen breaks down fbi releases hate crime stats kaepernick is citizen of the year
race ahead : mpw next gen breaks down fbi releases hate crime stats kaepernick is .
: race ahead : mpw next gen breaks down fbi releases hate crime stats kaepernick is citizen of 
one day we won  t be asked what we were wearing but what could have been done differently to make sure this won  t happen to anyone .
age  . boy in class put hand on my crotch & i was afraid i just didn t like it of my nascent gayness .
you can always count on the french for stronger hashtags ( expose your pig ) is frances 
we have to gently encourage these ladies to name names . mine was named janet evans .
for all of us  - you are loved you are believed we will not excuse this behavior we will not blame you for their crimes
please reply great way to help us all together be heard . prayer being returned 
we talk about the movement on how victims in can get help . see it on kfd m at  p . m
this was my mom  s reaction to my fb status . she  s the literal best yeah  ll .
i hate seeing so many of my loved ones with the tag . my heart .
the music business is a cruel and shallow money trench stocked with predators at every turn .  there s also a negative side .
this week blew up across fb and twitter . but is this a tipping point ? w / the eeoc explains what needs to happen next
about it . it doesn  t matter the age this isn  t something that should be normalized for anyone . for those who denial  of  normal  t have a voice
heartbreaking . who knew that behind your sweet little face and personality there was such a horrible collection
oh wow sister . hate to say that this is all too common . so sorry . 
i  ve been luckier than most for reasons ranging from privilege to ( i can only guess ) being a bit scary  - looking but
i was  when a guy  or  years older than me grabbed my ass while walking on the street
and before any of you say something contrary i am going to point out how many times it has happened in the .
the doctor said that was abnormal but saw a switch in my brain had turned on in an effort to protect me . i suffered from ptsd .
the bar in siti tute  1 stop  that class kicking sexism and racism in their collective asses expo center )
and you deserve decent healthcare . and water to drink . >   dead in pr 
at least when i worked at the bar i could have them thrown out . when in an office or other environment it wasn t so easy .
groped flashed followed talked dirty at by strangers . and that s just the overt stuff .
mark halperin s publisher pulls plug on book about  presidential race to all of the you are tragic ! apology not accepted
i  ve heard  he was blackout drunk  as the excuse for someone at work sticking their hand in my pants as an excuse
the tweets are crushing heartbreaking . i ll teach my kids to be respectful aware . fuck why are we like this .
yes me too ! i am glad this topic surfaced . showing my solidarity to countless sisters out there !
being afraid to be left alone w / the perpetrator again but more afraid to speak up and have people not believe
oh my  god reading that is to  nauseating ! so sorry for your nightmare experiences . good on you for tabulating this .
retweeted shelby hall ( is breaking my heart tonight . the pain so many have shared is .
i was  at music camp . rumors spread and i  was taken aside by the director and scolded nearly dismissed for what he did to me .
all i can hope is maybe my experiences will help one person understand that this happens .
but please don 't ask me about it . it took a lot to put it behind me .
your interviews are absolute insane tonight but start telling them she likely came out because of moore was   years older than her & he was the assistant the !
this weeks with hong kong student leader writing from jaill in academia and all on france
of course from car windows to a professional offic setting and walking down the street . it  s a seemingly inescapable reality .
note the cultural differences in hashtags . the anglo vs or  squeal on your pig  in french . 
first as a human being and then as a father of daughters and as the son of a mother i am in all ways
yep . in  countries  continents  decades . a famous cartoonist a millionaire art collector a choss i d in the subway . and more .
breaking former breaks details history of cover  - ups 
3 novices : survivors march draws hundreds of supporters in california hundreds gathered in support for victim 
and in the not so funny department / elizabeth perkins calls out james woods .
james woods named by elizabeth perkins statement
james woods named by elizabeth perkins  statement
you know that s pretty irresponsible darlin . sounds like daddy needs to give you some school in . when i was pretty young .
i  have been cat called harassed called a slut for running in a sports bra in  * weather : running while female 
new : the u . s . house of representatives will implement mandatory training for lawmakers and staff on preventing sexual assault and discrimination .  - per house
apparently responding politely to a man at a bus stop who asked me which bus route he should take was enough to justify what happened .
. so tired of the words that s life and it s the way the game is played . new players . new game . zero tolerance
meeting but look a little closer ryan giggs checking out the big lad top night top guys top cause 
this same hollywood manager of top talent got a hairless cat for show and had the cat tatooed . the cat ran away from him .
is a monster a sick sociopathic narcissistic psychotic . to make a sick joke of the sharing of woman s pain and abuse . 
you know what s great .  women have rt d idiotic responses they re received from men reply : and those responses have since been deleted
deeply saddened but also inspired by posts . saddened of pervasive ness . inspired of bravery of people posting .
i have been having difficult discussions with women before started trending again last week . having a .
i was  years old . my father died of cancer the neighbors  5  7 year  old father saw an opportunity . i was lucky he was arrested  years later when he was found in a motel room with an  year old child .
a1 : mixed feeling . feeling proud of all those who spoke about it so bravely but also sad that women had to face all this
if you haven t noticed it s everybody . every woman has been impacted by sexual harassment or assault . men we have to
they put emergency call buttons across campus but i was still afraid to walk across campus alone at night .
help military sexual assault victims through various therapies and rehab . you are not alone . we will help !
let s raise a generation where our sons respect women and our daughters are not afraid . our daughters should never have to say
the all women panel discussion was spot on ! i d love to see this as a regular segment on your show or a show unto itself .
by this man . and yes i  ll continue to walk  paces behind you no matter how slowly you walk or how sexy you think my body is .
that some ( evil ) women falsely report harassment or believe every word a man says is harassment . is about realizing the scope of problem
when a man on the subway asked me for directions . then asked if instant  message polish . then told me about his polish gfs & feigned making out  /
i told a story of something said to me to a friend . she told me it was sexual harassment . in hindsight she was right .
following will give people an idea of how much this happens . and yes it happens to women of color
the new oscar statue design should be .  ( e ) a fat want   to  - be martial artist running to ( f ) a crumbling . ( g ) a fat ugly producer with his pants down . ( h )
sorry but this guy just grinds my gears . all over twitter right now & not one word of support from this guy . just more attacking women . 
 is largely about empathy . we use a term called empowerment through empathy .  meet tara na burke who .
different men .  different stages of my life .  adult stranger when i was  .  friend and then  boyfriend .
six women accuse filmmaker brett ratner of sexual harassment or misconduct 
reverberates : six women accuse filmmaker brett ratner of sexual harassment or misconduct 
six women accuse filmmaker brett ratner of sexual harassment or misconduct .  
i am a grown woman and i am afraid of the dark because i  ve been hurt in the dark . and i  m so sick of running
where are the rapp asked for it & why didn t he speak earlier comments ? as it s all about that when women speak up on sexual abuse 
attitudes trickle from the top and at the top was a macho bully with considerable ego who encouraged and presided over a culture of bullying . it was monstrous . his favourite gag was : why do women wear perfume ? because they stink ! 
i sort  of shared yesterday and it s still so hard . it was  years ago & sometimes feels like yesterday .
definitely not a tag i  m proud to be apart of . i hate talking about it and i hate thinking about it and i hate having to live with it
- my last fuck that job dir of them saw me in a dress  day looked me up & down w / a lecherous smile that s how you should always dress .
i d kill to protect my kids . guess what ? they target kids of single parents . kids aren t safe . one man was chemically caste rated
did post . iv been struggling whether or not  2 post as well but i think th sign  4 women telling men 2f**k off  .
sexually assaulted me at the  sdcc . i had a comic book deal with his company on i press . when i refused to sleep with bob schreck he canceled my book the next day .
i know some males that could also share if they wanted to . sexual predators are diverse as are victims of sexual predators .
the rapist has never been arrested . i tried to report it  years later cop said rapist  didn  t understand female biology  reply : blood
a little nostalgia fix with a fierce message . banish toxic masculinity . so many ideas so little time . get that do it  yourself on .
when women leave or avoid opportunities due to sexual harassment men reap the benefits . 
a couple weeks later i finally told my boyfriend of the time later he made a joke referring to him as my  2 and boyfriend
erica ! my eat shit  loser teacher wants to do a spanish version of the movement . h wants to call it can we count you in ?
five reasons to :  women accuse journalist mark halperin of sexual harassment
not ready to talk about it . not ready to name names . but five years in hollywood  as a woman . of course
half  - dozen women allege sexual harassment at union orange county democratic party headquarters
of  interviewed said careers stalled because of negative experiences in the field .  changed research plans .  left careers behind . 
one small step to try and make a difference one giant step for victims to know we are not alone ! 
this dude from church ? tell him jesus sees him because he does ! the dude will pay for his sick sins . you are pure ! never doubt that !
all human beings out there ( sexual harassment & violence is not just  those who identify as women and straight ) we se u .
bbcworld : we shouldn t feel afraid to speak out .  - the bbc s bbc rajini v shares her story of sexual harass 
so she tries to cover up her pain and cut her woes away cause cover girls don 't after their face is made
me too started by a black woman  years ago but only gained traction when white women started tweeting it .
important to note the origin & to give credit where credit is due . intersectional feminism is the only way . 
thank you for participating in i denial  of  normal  t know the caster  s name who shared but she  s so brave and powerful .
women across the globe are sharing experiences with sexual assault by using the phrase me too  via
loving these stop giving your friends free passes to being abusers posts in the wake of from people who are friends with abusers
as a man i  m sorry  the times i didn  t do better . sorry we denial  of  normal  t treat each other better . sorry it  s such a cruel unequal world  /
reuters : watch : sparks a series of intimate talks of sexual harassment for some women with their partners a  
has united men & women against sexual assault & changing societal mentalities
who hasn t been harassed or sexually assaulted ? both men and women sexually assaulted lights up awareness of magnitude . 
women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment | meet th .
bravo for your courage to stand up against sexual violence with your story ! i stand up with you
the swedes dropped the charges and the journalist who accused him was just accused of multiple accounts of child rape in campaign .  
so many strong and courageous women have some forward but i acknowledge those who have not u are strong u count . u matter too
being sexually abused as a kid is a totally different story and the emotions are different .
apparently i can t take a joke either how sad that such awful behavior is seen as only a joke .
it s a hard time to be a man who s harassed abused or assaulted a woman and it should be . but it s not a hard time to be a man . by
| i stand with all the women worldwide . sexual harassment and violence are unacceptable !
highlights the issue of sexual violence in the developed world . our new research looks at the issue globally .
men are responsible for stopping sexual assault . not women . men | gadfly on the wall blog * must read ! 
leigh gilmore author of tainted witness interview on women share stories of sexual harassment
thank you for starting this amazing awareness tweet . amazing and sad responses .
scrolling through this hashtag is really difficult but really appreciated . people need to know what look like . 
. shows women they re not alone in facing sexual assault and harassment :
we have bill clinton  s penis to thank for trump . thanks little bill .
sexual harassment catcalling abusive language .  all women have experienced it somewhere .  
egyptian women speak out amid global focus on sexual harassment via
women speak out amid global focus on sexual harassment via
this piece . oh my  god this piece . read . share . so much truth right here . 
for every perp who gets sex addict rehab i hope at least  survivor gets free therapy .
i get it now why no actor wanted their kids  get into acting as a career . with all this movement with the i get it now .
my heart breaks for all the people female and male who can count themselves amongst the group . too many to count
consequences with vs consequences with : you idiots put the same kind of dirt inside the wh ! history will remember 
we hope signals a cultural shift in attitudes about sexual abuse and harassment of women .
listen to the women who say we experience sexual assault . we are a part of the body of christ . the body has been assaulted .
when my parents divorced a new man came into her life he came into my bedroom and put his hand under my gown . i was  8 years old
3 novices : monica lewinsky tweets monica lewinsky raised eyebrows over the weekend when she tweeted the has 
now four women of the senate have spoken out about their own stories of sexual harassment and assault .
how do you justify your numbers  women brave enough to come forward & you only attempt  to apply to two of them ? that means statistically there must be many more who won t come forward because they know you won t bother to 
if you freaking married stalkers want a woman to own why don 't you to thailand + go buy one ? since those women will be happy to go .
m  can i cry  me too  because old ladies are always saying creepy stuff to me ? cry me a river with this new bandwagon .
family values  women accuse senate budget chair latvala of groping sexual harassment
women using to share stories of sexual assault while slams for ignoring creep who followed her is peak  
in  7 th grade i was sexually harassed by two high schoolers . the male principals response : boys will be boys .
time to put an end to victim shaming . time to put an end to silence . time to educate and inform on the severity of this problem . 
sexual assault and harassment are not jokes . victims are not the offenders and shouldn t be treated as such .
in the anti apartheid freedom struggle : women tell of sexual abuse in camps
harrassment is when i say no and he says are you sure ? and when the man asking thinks it s okay to keep asking until says yes
what does god have to do with this ? bill o reilly mad at god over sexual misconduct allegations
read this read this read this . denial  of  normal  t forget about r kelly  s victims too . support these women too 
i  have been reading many of the accounts over the last  hours and am frightened by the stories of sexual harassment and assault
imagine : boss who harassed you & others gets fired . you switch jobs &  1 year later this asshat gets hired by your new company .
i  m very sure didn  t know was started by a black woman . because the black woman got no shine . * that  s* the issue .
rt ap_ europe : women in france hold rallies to protest sexual harassment .
ap : rt ap_ europe : women in france hold rallies to protest sexual harassment . 
why would anyone come forward when there is these type  8 f attacks waiting for her ? women don 't make up sexual assault 
thousands of women reveal experiences with sexual harassment and assault 
thousands of women reveal experiences with sexual harassment and assault
catcalling women is also sexual harassment . i  m not your baby i  m not going   to shake it for you i  m not your sweet heart stop it
also today : movement founder & on sexual assault & harassment .   -  et :
should men accused of sexual harassment be allowed to return to their jobs ?
respect humbled by the volumes of we can try in our circles of influence to push back and respect woman . start today
my abuse started when i was  . went on for a number of years . i grew up thinking everything i went through on a daily basis (  )
black women have been screaming about famous predators like r & b singer r . kelly who allegedly preys on black girls for well over a decade to no avail .  
breaking  - to men : women feel the same excruciating sickness as you feel while the thought of  what if i am found guilty  goes through your messed up brain !
this . i might have chosen to not post publicly during the campaign but this has been hard . and to summarize some very astute comments : not just this past month . this past year . 
so as much as bothered me i did realize what i considered  sexual harassment  that happened to me was assault . so this was helpful .
if you were actually sexually harassed you don 't really need to tell most of twitter about it . i mean come on we don 't really have .
a woman a family member told me that and i couldn  t believe she would think it was  ) okay to say to me .  ) okay to say at all .
pushing people to share their painful memories w / the world so you can feel better about your own painful memories is sick faux  - friendship .
now this news : this congresswoman and sexual assault survivor is empowering women to say
includes victims but seldom call it being sexually assaulted . because instead were taught to call it lucky .
that s the conversation that needs to be happening . it needs to be taken up by men . i hope this is the tipping point .
is too .  policies need to change + we need a deeper understanding of what harassment is & feels like for women . 
next on have you seen the . looks at how it  s inspiring wichita women to speak up about sexual assault .
not even playing am i safe from the requests this why women r saying sexual harassment in a chess game ?
 hear believe and act : time to be responsible boys and men ! time to act men and boys ! to end .
. is a smart woman a good teammate a terrific spokes women a champion in international gymnastics a us gymnastics hall of famer and she wants positive change for
i just published  harvey weinstein the pervasive ness of sexual harassment and why women like myself   
my experiences are mostly gross rather than violent ; but for an girl and woman the experiences of harassment are countless .
you all noticed people admit to being harassed and were disgusted . this is what is next . you all know better so do better . 
i hear a truth in the recent allegations against harvey weinstein . .  that truth is also my own .
survivors suffering in silence  sometimes for months sometimes for decades  are coming out of the shado  
thank you for sharing your stories with the hashtag . we can  t ignore it . we can  t write it off . we can do better . we can be better .
participating in feeling reply  - traumatized by having to share agai let  me  know if you need a pick me up . i ll send memes .
mard ki izat thank   you yeah hell   yeah k trnd shru huwa to g ulala i ny yeah keh dia k imran ny apni party k log on s y kha the k us k face pr acid phn k do
so hard to talk about it with friends or family .  social media is off the charts hard .  makes it real again .
shame free pain free there is freedom in sharing my truth ! it s not the power they have it s the power that we possess ! this is me !
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally actress elizabeth perkins bran .  via
the stories of assault on the hashtag are powerful . what s needed now is the hashtag and step up men !
most on here have heard my stories . the stories that haven t been heard yet are the ones instant  message still coming to terms with  -
mark halperin among the latest men accused of sexual harassment . 
. nguyen_ amanda and her organization rise now us are turning into a movement to end sexual assault . they need  
this week anna fields discusses a salient subject : how do comedians discuss sexual assault and harassment ?
if you want to support women support the second amendment and teach a woman you care about how to handle guns .
there is no other side of the coin . sexual harassment doesn t have a gender . of rapes in the military are men .
i applaud those using but how many men will stand against sexual assault asks
i was  years old the first time i was sexually assaulted by old man hollingsworth my parents friend .
if you re a man and waffle on this subject matter you are complicit in the sexual violence towards women .
giving credit where credit is due .  the roots of link to a brilliant initiative by an african  - american woman . 
and co  - workers who perpetuate the harassment by doing nothing saying nothing taking part or simply not caring .
coffee boy is to locker room talk as wired fake  & team are fucked is to sexual assualt & and fake  is fucked ! 
rt _kate hodgson : coming up on grandma well speak exclusively with alyssa _ milano about reigniting the movement and what s next rt zai bat 
sexual harassment and assault in higher education : what  s happened since weinstein
so true . i thought would be more telling because every woman i know can say but i realized the silence of would = silence
i  have survived a number of sexual assault from various men over the years ; most i never reported .
being taught to scream fire ! instead of rape because the chances of getting a reaction from people and getting help were higher
because i am healing . because healing is a long hard process that is different for everyone . because it doesn t define me .
harassment is not a parlor game where we try to figure out how women could have escaped . men just stop harassing . it s not complex .
i was with my boyfriend at a party . the lights went out . a man attacked and groped me in the dark .  while i was next to my boyfriend .
we have become conditioned to expect sexual harassment in the workplace . i don 't know any women who haven t experienced it .
for every woman ( and man ) who was sexually assaulted or harassed there is a man who assaulted or harassed . we need that conversation .
how do people process and choose to share sexual harassment ? the psychology of
campaign proves scope of sexual harassment flaw in may i m bialik s operator  - ed  - chicago tribune amp . html 
un says   -  of women in eu experience unwanted sexual harassment in workplace .
change : . nguyen_ amanda and her organization rise now us are turning into a movement to end sexual assault . th  
i wrote this essay . so many more women i know have since come forward about sexual assault .
too many to recount but ranging across the spectrum of assault from totally inappropriate to scary got to fight you to get away .
takes a different dimension . this musician has designed it s hair style to denounce sexual harassment against women
to all the people putting down the hashtag me too it s because of you people that women and men don 't come forward and speak up .
stories don 't surprise women expert says . i think a lot of people .  should be worried .  
oh oh shit  do animals rape other animals i just thought ab this they don 't ask for consent like i mm in deep thought
some utahns wrote simply  me too .  others wrote but added :  i denial  of  normal  t ever want to talk about it . 
i took years to overcome the shame of an assault took many more to realise other instances from young age . stronger now ! but yes
sexual assault doesn t see red or blue . it s and women in politics are also saying 
- time medalist joins movement ; alleges dr . nassar of sexual assault from the time she was  till she left the sport 
teal and purple roses supports the movement . we encourage all women & men to use this hashtag to bring .
teacher  watching : sexual harassment & assault * * * * * * * * it s almost difficult to recall just 
the thread was actually started by a black woman making that thread even stranger to consider .
hashtag trends as women and men share stories of assault  via
hashtag trends as women and men share stories of assault
on a bus when his fingers crawled up my side & on to my breast then ran off bus . people next to me looked me in the eye then the ceiling
i wasn t letting her off that easily . what are you sorry for ? i asked . instant  message sorry i wasn t the perfect mother she spat at me .
my thoughts and prayers are with every victim of sexual harassment or assault including you say 
editorial : the movement places the burden of proof on women [ when ] men should be the ones taking ownership .
to  - now  female swedish lawyers . earlier swedish female actors and female singers . excellent to reveal problems . 
photos are worth a thousand words but you my friend .  you re worth a million and though a piece of you is missing it is not lost .
and let  s be clear queer folks are assaulted too so is for queer and trans folks too . we experience assault too of course .
including misogyny and sexism inherent in sexual harassment & assault so that the next generation will not say 
i actually saw andy penis whip his penis out in a bar in los angeles and stick it in his company s face .
women veterans who face violence and intimidation for reporting sexual assaul
brett ratner accused of sexual misconduct by  women ( report ) 
trump jr . says women who  can  t handle  sexual harassment  denial  of  normal  t belong in the workforce .  
the movement has become even stronger as numerous individuals have come out to voice their sexual harassment stories . :
r i lawmakers share revelations of sexual assault harassment  - news  - 
sparks viral women s movement against sexual abuse 
sparks viral women s movement against sexual abuse :
as important as it is to acknowledge the magnitude of this statement it is just as important to recognize those who are in positions where they cannot make this public statement .
sen . heidi heita kmp has join d campaign which focuses on the issue of sexual harassment and assault . 
book business women say execs editors & salespeople have endured everything from harassment to assault :
film  - maker brett ratner accused by six women of sexual misconduct 
here are some of the celebrities who have joined in the campaign to expose the prevalence of sexual assault
sexual assault is real and prevalent . nobody is ever asking for it and when i said no i meant it . treat humans like humans .
at least  of women on scientific field work experience sexual harassment ; at least  experience sexual assault
nbc news : becomes rallying cry against sexual harassment and assault 
if you  reply surprised by the amount of women posting today you  reply willfully fucking ignorant .
it saddens me to see just how many women have been affected by the sexual harassment and assault by men . in a 
movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment
movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment  - mashable 
movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment  - via
trends on social media as women speak up about sexual abuse
many men think they ve never been perpetrators of sexual a bus like many white folks think they ve never been racist .
glad the light is being shone on the darkness that is sexual harassment / assaul it s time to stop accepting it as a norm
in  women worldwide have experienced physical or sexual violence . it can and must be stopped
this should be the name of an men  s anti  - sexual assault & harassment campaign . 
dear men please feel free to copy paste . thanks thanks
don 't you think that the wave of has perhaps enabled her to come forward ? i know it made me think of things from long long ago .
not just women get sexually harassed an sexually assaulted . it can happen to anyone and anyone can be the perpetrator .
it s absurd that were still trying to prove that sexual assault and harassment is a widespread problem .
of restaurant workers have experienced sexual harassment on the job and  of sex workers have experienced violence on the job .
survivors of sexual assault are not just famous actors and actresses . we are just like you . and it has happened to us .
is there a list of businesses that ignore rape ? and a list of the actual s ? as a public service please . 
] : .  to a divorce hearing . i am living proof that violence against women is not considered violence
sexual abuse was the missing variable that made the lif of some women very close to me in my family make sense
adding self to the dataset highlighting sexual harassment and abuse perhaps some interesting analytics will come out of this  -
i believe that we have the right to file lawsuit and have law to punish these sexual predators . they have no right to harm females !
the magnitude of people who can now say indicates the growing need to address sexual harassment in classrooms 
been listening to this song all week . love & power to those who also had a hard week processing & talking about 
/ the houses sexual harassment policy says victims may first confront harassers . legal experts raised concerns over that .
thousands of women identify themselves as victims of sexual harassment assault with  5  3  3 k me too hashtags
women share their stories of sexual assault in the music industry (
thousands of french women march against sexual assault in protests
forget fake news ! when you have no news & cover ups . i come from a journalistic family & have experence assault victims .
thank you and for allowing us to highlight the iss use of sexual abuse girls & women face in sport
instant  message writing in solidarity with everyone who s been assaulted and everyone who thinks they might have been assail ted .
dating women made me realize how much sexual violence we were all trying to ignore .
the most horrific of ways and in the most common of ways . my heart races thinking about posting this publicly .
better late than never . appreciate the support guys . but this has been going on a long time . too long .
floods social media to reveal stories of sexual harassment 
remember : sexual harassment and abuse is rampant in workplaces across the country .
when men victims aren t taken seriously it s hard to take the whole movement seriously . harassment of all forms doesn t discriminate
- professionals in women s health have always known that sexual exploitation is sadly all too common
if every time i am groped and i file a complaint to the police i will be sitting for  days at the police station
retweeted ( ( ( warwick hunt ) ) ) ( is women telling the world of the ubiquitous sexual abuse .
movement grows as more celebrities politicians face sexual assault accusations
the first time was when i was in middle school and i had to see that guy almost everyday until i graduated high school
the golden rule for men should be : if you re a man don 't say anything to a woman on the street that you wouldn t want a man saying to you in prison .
the theme here ? the incidences of sexual harassment and rape are ubiquitous . all men need to be held accountable .
violence and harassment towards indigenous women parallels the current man  - earth relationship
my heart breaks for all of us that have suffered sexual assault or harassment . we must speak loudly for it to stop . 
my first boyfriend wanted me to give him a blowjob . he grabbed my head pushed me down and held my head there . i was  .
cowardly people who do not should no longer be considered victims they are now complicit in sexual abuse
female senators share their dealings with sexual harassment and discrimination in support of on
what even was the point of now all the women are triggered and raw while most of the men ( thank god for .
it s a problem everywhere . it has been a problem . we need to start talking about this more and let people know they are not alone . 
in one reddit thread you have a positive discussion of and sexual assault and in other you have men using c*nt  like it s funny .
how madison joined the movement to stand up against sexual assault and harassment . 
sexual harassment can significantly impact your mental health in this dangerous way via
in the army sexually assaulted a couple times but never raped . date raped  years later by a retired  1 stop  that sergeant however .
men who violated women & were then let off the hook & simply carried on mentoring youth teaching winning . what s your take on
hundreds march in hollywood for safer workplaces for women and men
and people denial  of  normal  t believe you  reply a victim because you  seem totally fine  even though you  reply not .  i  m not fine
monica lewinsky tweets indicating she is victim of sexual harassment or assault
to all the men women who have the courage to share their stories and to those who hold their stories in  - i stand with all of you .
one of the most important units i teach in is sexual assault & harassment . i hate that it s so necessary .
women of the senate share their stories of harassment  the internet is so powerful !
i don 't think anyone should be surprised about the rampant sexual harassment racism and anti  - semitism at
to all those sharing i am sorry . i have been part of the problem in the past and have stood silent too many times . i believe you
last week i discussed safe ways to escape harassment with my  year old daughter reassuring her to always trust her instinct 
gymnastics doctor larry nassar ordered to stand trial on sexual assault charges 
with light of the recent campaign about sexual abuse our women s officer has released a statement . 
if you re a victim of sexual harassment or assault we stand with you & were here for you . reach out anytime to these resources .
or with  7 th grade band ? i played sax . two well  - liked  8 th grade boys also did . everyday they invaded my space + said lewd things .
ellen degeneres joins campaign reveals she was victim of sexual assault
celebrities like lady gaga monica lewinsky rosario dawson identified themselves as sexual assault victims . 
( and all of this is just a very long thread to say and please please please do your part to end rape culture . help us heal . )
the problem many of us have is that something happened but when someone in power does something wrong there is a different standard .
i the resident of indian administered on behalf of one among the world  s acme contributor of sexual harassment country india support
people ( david bois ) who actively help predators hide and escape consequences are as guilty as predators . 
cnn : instant  message just like you : rose mcgowan gives rousing speech at women s convention . 
radio  lives george riley suspended after sexual harassment complaints 
at the men shocked at all the on their feeds . must be nice to be so oblivious . news flash : it s most if not all women you know .
leigh gilmore talking about how the campaign helps build solidarity through visualized networks of sexual harassment
i ll never be able to trust a man ever again . to be honest no man has ever treated me how i deserve to be treated in my lifetime .
own up the so called shame is an empowerment under . well said name & shame the guys in all sphere of life . great .
n down goes another pervert .  louis c . k . crossed a line into sexual misconduct  women say 
sigh  i think most ( if not all ) women i know have at least one experience  and yes some men as well
report : did betray by ignoring sex claims at  plus .  exec fired for inappropriate conduct with more than one woman .  ~ corrupt will not report on themselves 
women expose the secret sexual predators inside texas politics  via
 us energy chief : fossil fuels may prevent sexual assault  really ? how do you explain the movement ? 
uk theatre industry speaks out against sexual abuse and harassment : 
all of the men and women sharing their stories you are strong and i admire your ability to speak up .
 sexual harassment in the wedding industry is a major problem . it s time that we talked about it .
. & more stars flock to social media to share their stories of sexual harassment
why don 't you want to make sexual harassment easier to investigate in congress ? ? guess what ? in some countries . 
i checked my inbox this morning and it was full of emails from women sharing stories about their sexual assaults . and yes
thank you ! to all the women who have and continue to speak out ! ( men  - this is the hurt caused by our
george h . w . bush apologizes after actress accuses him of sexual assault in post via
women  s rights defenders in join conversation about harassment . whr d s receive sexualized threats aimed at silencing their activism 
. my life after sexual assault by my coach ; tell your story . let us never again be silenced .
sexual assault / harassment isn t an excuse for a joke or an accident . demeaning words and evasive actions linger
yes ! mogul finally fired over sexual harassment :  women shared their stories 
french women rally against sexual abuse under banner  - abc news 
french women rally against sexual abuse under banner  - abc news  - via
age   - present (   stalked by a man i refused to have sex with . age  : nearly commit suicide for fear of being raped by him .
i definitely don 't think was as attempt to steal anything from anyone . it was women sharing vulnerable stories .
this is transparency : npr dedicated portion of morning podcast to sexual harassment allegations by their own news exec 
by a rough count using a facebook search on the hashtag  of my facebook friends have posted to that s just the ones who spoke up
me too . sexual harassment is not something we talk about openly especially in the south or the .
baton rouge business owner shares her story of sexual assault read :
ass hole yes sexual harassment is far from new . as well as men yelling stuff at people .
. sexual abuse is endemic . treat all women as survivors until they tell you otherwise . err on the side of caution .
it s simultaneously hard and validating to know the women i admire in the field all go through this too . thank you may  - li
to the men out there who have also suffered in silence from a sexual assault or harrassment . you are a voice in this too .
after weinstein scandal france looks into on  - the  - spot fines for sexual harassment  #
hrc : thread : hrc s sarah e mcbride opens up about sexual assault and anti  - transgender violence . 
instant  message so sorry if today you can say me too . instant  message so sorry i stand with you i understand the pain .
movement brings to light victims of sexual assault and harassment 
i always considered woody allen a sexual predator for his daughte i didn t know about abuse till now . i believe !
a hashtag for celebrity morons to alleviate their guilt for engaging in the biggest sexual assault cover  - up in the word .
honored to speak on the important topic of sexual harassment at the annual leadership training .
alleged sexual predator & media darling . what side do you think the media will focus on ?  
last year we asked prominent kiwi women to share their experiences of assault . these are their stories
four more women accuse mark halperin of harassment bringing total to at least a dozen 
from to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse  - why is the on us always on the women to share their stories ?  via
how you can help fight sexual harassment and discrimination in science right now 
there s a lot to be said about telling your truth realizing you are not alone and feeling support from friends and strangers .
since i developed early i experienced so much sexual harassment growing up . when i was  a man i didn t know followed me .
when i interviewed for a job at the supreme court the female interviewer told me that the guards would harrass me when i walked down the hallways but  not to worry about it  . i was offered the job . i didn  t take it .
unfortunately i have been assaulted by men and women . it sucks . for the posters in wondering how many are from the same sex ?
a  month process before filing a sexual harassment complaint ? thanks 
 rape or not   you decide ! television show stirs controversy amid sexual assault fallout
beyond sexual harassment on how applies to the many ways female bodies are controlled .
create systems where women are encouraged to report assault on transit & accounts won  t be belittled / ignored 
this is what sexism looks like . women being objectified as sexual possessions . if you are sick of it  - call it out when you see it ! 
i  m down w / but it  s not just about white computer  information  science women but anyone facing harassment because they r etc
if you re joining in the conversation on sexual assault and harassment you need this post . 
advocate for local sexual assault victims says movement is empowering educational 
i  m saddened by awakened by and learning a lot from the hashtag and movement . sexual harassment is so pervasive .
as real solidarity to how about real men giving the word over their lives then we are talking
after major headlines surrounding sexual harassment allegations movement founder and join
ceo discusses what she learned after opening up about her sexual harassment experience . 
a generally accepted behaviour justified by both women and men . still dealing with the consequences of my negative reactions in all cases . both in and on
i just read the story behind it was actually started by a black woman in  . then i read a twitter .
 racism & class discrimination determine whose stories get picked up & which women are readily believed . 
as a woman working in outside sales in the electronics industry sexual harassment was rampant .
reuters : sparks intimate talk of sexual harassment . read the full story :
reuters : sparks intimate talk of sexual harassment . read the full story :  
speaker paul ryan says house to require lawmakers to get training to prevent sexual harassment .
sick and tired of hearing about men acting like pigs and the inequality towards women
well also be taking questions so tell us what do you want to know about reporting on and sexual assault on campuses ?
i tiny houses . no house is large enough if you ve been abused inside . a tiny house is perfect if you have true love .
opinion : that has been all over the internet helps spread message that sexual assault doesn t discriminate .
brings stories of sexual harassment and assault to social media |
brings stories of sexual harassment and assault to social media  via
the cook county them . party asked il attorney general candidates : have you been accused of sexual harassment ?
if this game keeps going like this instant  message going to expect a post from
have you seen this ? actress sparks sexual harassment awareness campaign
from to women on social media are calling out abuse harassment and double standards .
thinking about and my tweet that s gone a little viral and it s got me thinking about the apology scene in disney s moana .
becoming a runner had to wait until i moved to colorado because the sexual harassment on the streets in south florida is too much .
if you really want to do something for the victims in hollywood start by boycotting hollywood and letting it rot .
3 novices : sexual harassment is bi  - partisan early on in my career i briefly had a despicable boss who tried 
hashtag shatters the idea of equal treatment of women in our age & exposes d intolerable vices of men who choose  behave like animals
as a woman sexual harassment happens all the time . more than people would like to accept .
thank you both for your legislation to streamline process for reporting harassment on capitol hill sexual and otherwise . 
british cops probe sexual  - assault claims against kevin spacey  via
thank you so so so much for sharing this . is about all victims of sexual assault no gender lines . 
heading from don 't c are to detroit to bring you community  - based non  - criminal solutions to sexual harassment ! 
go  ahead . lawmaker wants to quarantine those living with hiv ;  - hrc  s sarah mcbride on sexual assault 
sexual assault movement reaches nearly   tweets  1  0  6  6 live
thousands take to streets in france to protest sexual harassment
thousands take to streets in france to protest sexual harassment 
you know what is something important about ? i shared it on facebook and it was liked by someone who has a connection to someone  /
if you identify with the campaign and want to talk to me for a project on sexual harassment let me know !
be a good girl . be a good sport . don 't be a prude . well meet in my hotel room . you know you want it . just relax .
honestly : don 't men understand that when they re at work they re there to work not get laid and doing what your paid to do .  
bob weinstein accused of sexual harassment ! the list of and continues to grow !
i told satan  s brother i was married to a cop . he didn  t care . told me he was satan  s brother ( ceo ) . i complained . next morning threat
the sexual assault justice initiative could help create lasting change
pretty much every woman that i know myself included has a story . it s not cute . it s not funny . it s harassment . 
our newest highlights focuses on the ubiquitous yet nearly invisible experiences of that working women face on the job and how the can respond . subscribe here for more highlights : 
 this is this and issue from a perspective of risk management . i see other things coming down the pike in broader risk and people are not discussing and certainly not discussing these insertions of risk .
facebook has informed me that it s been exactly one year since i cut off contact with my stalker after a month of sexual harassment .
women are saying to show the world just how widespread sexual harassment is
sexual harassment and assault are real in this country from movie sets to newsrooms to factory floors . and we need to confront it .
spkr madigan puts out statement decrying sexual harassment in the capitol orbit as prompted by open letter
get woke my friend . i challenge you to find a woman who can  t say many women won  t say it but all could say it . 
many survivors of sexual abuse in churches all around us have been silenced & further harmed . pastors you know who didn  t report
it would be interesting if the perpetrators of sexual harassment and assault were the ones posting
if the tweets seem like attention seeking that s because they re addressing a serious problem that deserves fucking attention !
.  difference scandal broke out . by then teacher was gone . administration was shocked about that teacher they knew about others . (
people asking what can we do ? we can protect & strengthen laws like that protect students from sexual harassment & assault
did you join the conversation about sexual harassment sparked by the hashtag ? these local activists did .
starting when i was just a kid countless examples ! realizing the number of women that have experienced similar .  mind  - boggling
sexual and all other forms of harassment at work home and outside are not acceptable and must not be ignored
stars raise sexual assault awareness with twitter campaign
interesting why you then attack victims of sexual assault and silence their stories .
and wrote the book on sexual predators who destroy their accusers . that s why women don 't speak out .
i liked a video celebrity sexual assault victims tell their story
alyssa milano sneakers off crusade for victims of sexual harassment  - that is definitely not surprising 
the ambiguous definition of  sexual harassment  makes regulation more dangerous than the actual offense . in many cases it  s not that big a deal .
the sexual harassment policy at the texas capitol references a state agency that no longer exists .
here in america sexual harassment misogyny and discrimination are often less obvious but very prevalent . i have gone through it (  )
because  of bisexual women experience some form of sexual violence . because instant  message one of them .
well of course because it s impossible to exist as a woman in this world and not face some sexual harassment .
louis c . k . issues statement on sexual harassment :  there is nothing about this that i forgive myself for   via
it s important that we realize that field work is one the the more vulnerable places for women and and work to eliminate it .
carrie fisher will always be my hero . she godfather ed a producer for alleged sexual assault of her friend . 
always be mindful that sexual assault is occurring all around you . both sexes all ages are victims . me twice the last by my ex  - husband .
. opens up about being a survivor of sexual assault & joins countless others in saying 
you read the stats of sexual abuse but seeing so many puts it into perspective .
from  . a movement that s recently grown exponentially  - empowering all women  use voice ! thank you & 
george h w bush apologised after an actress accused him of sexual assault in a post on instagram
women s lives are worse .  has quietly been rolling back protections for survivors of sexual assault
i stand behind beside and in front of the women and men who have suffered the most dehumanizing acts preyed up on them .
it  s time for men to start answering for themselves because women cannot possibly solve this problem they had no hand in creating . 
a then  - arizona state senator made a sexual comment to the publisher of the arizona republic whose attorney was with her . this is a bottomless pit of stupid . she told her story 
on reply : the latest on hp sc invest & my legislation to address rampant sexual harassment in congress
men are such trash . i  m baffled that it literally has taken the campaign for them to know that this shit isn  t new for us women
it s rubbish . men are also using sexual harassment happens to men too .  - jackie blue condemns calls that it s hashtag feminism . 
quite frankly . the courage of women who are sharing their stories should be met with compassion . not ridicule and disdain .
when a male friend uses you just to get close to your female friend . when he s done treats you like m a low u .
i know something about gay men and sexual assault . i love you 
dear men stop protecting each other allow in other men who harass and assault women . 
for native americans facing sexual assault justice feels out of reach :
it  s like the learning the lifecycle of the frog in school . as women can tell you we know the predictable steps of an abuser
- my special comment on the sexual harassment epidemic and how this moment can be used for good .
actress and author gabrielle union opens up on experiencing sexual assault : i saw and my arm went numb  
a big  woman  on  campus pointed out that can be further complicated for big  woman  on  campus by the history of ww falsely accusing big  man  on  campus of assault . important point .
well have local reaction to a social media campaign about sexual harassment . more on at c .
essay about her hollywood sexual harassment experience is incredibly powerful
i gave an interview on sexism and sexual harassment at the european parliament 
in the wake of it s wonderful to see how people are helping women overcome the challenges in their lives .
turkey india mexico .  add pink buses because the answer to men assaulting women ( ) is separate public transportation .
did you know that at least  of women experience sexual harassment in the workplace ?
because sexual assault isn  t a  mis communication  it  s a choice . because my assailant bragged about assaulting me to his friends . because it wasn  t my fault and i didn  t deserve it .
my heart is shattered in pieces reading these stories and knowing how these men and women felt .
from one survivor of male on male sex assault to another i am grateful you spoke up . james
tells stories of sexual harassment raising awareness and support via
tonight : join and for  ps est . topic : in sexual harass men
why is it left to to raise the issue of exploitation of this child ? where is & when the assaulted child needs them .  or are & just for themselves ?
-  : cat called daily on the strip of by students and locals . called bitch most of the time for not responding .
if you got a wolf whistle or pat on the ass do not use save it for the real sexual assault victims  - do not trivialize them
sexual harassment is a norm . it happens everywhere . the perpetrators are everyone . i write on in
because using you work in the restaurant business as an excuse doesn t make sexual assault okay .
we need to have all women empowered to speak their rights and bodies respected . no more impunity .
on this day i take pride in the fact that nobody not even my wife can factually accuse me of sexual harassment .
wonder what chaos is coming next ? tick . tock . who anticipates risk and prevents post any reports . when does it begin ? who gets retroactive care ? any care ? who cares ?
when i finally decided to confront him the violence started . help end violence against girls :
i was sexually harassed when  working for a christian university . i had to quit a job i loved because they wouldn  t fire him .
. our pervert  - in  - chief . trump & the truth : the sexual  - assault allegations 
i spoke with an abilene woman who joins movement after seeing so many women joining in . 
if includes men who ve been sexually harassed then count when i was teacher i was sexually harassed by a woman supervisor .
- is not blaming men . it s about showing how many people have been sexually assaulted and harassed .
trend highlights sexual harassment in wake of weinstein claims 
me too trend highlights sexual harassment in wake of weinstein claims 
we must make a change in the way we talk about educate and treat sexual assault .
i worked in major market radio for many years . unfortunately sexual harassment is more common than not
first episode of and it talks about sexual harassment in politics . wow very relevant .
councilwoman jessica green is attending the rally and is calling for councilman dan johnson to resign amid allegations of sexual harassment against her and an aide to .
it s happened to me . it s probably happened to you . let s just be better people okay ? it s really not that hard .
watch : some of the most powerful women in government say  senators share their stories . 
as capitol is hit by  reports of sexual harassment will lawmakers make changes ?
we honor & all survivors who bravely shared accounts of assault & harassment .
were now talking about the & campaigns meant to bring attention to sexual harassment in
for the first time ever the majority of the harvard law review  s new editors are women . let s change things to ensure they are not 
let  s stand up to sexual harassment . as pcc encourages you to help break the silence !
sexual harassment is a pervasive problem . is making that obvious . | gender & sexuality column :
someone will have to explain how millions of women are harassed and assaulted by men but all the men around us are squeaky clean . 
social media flooded with stories of sexual harassment and assault
to this day i can  t sleep well the first night in a new place . i double check all locks & the alarm . every . single . night .
so many stories of sexual harassment over my  year professional career and personal life . 
read amy good man s column addressing sexual violence &
(  ) what about the younger women in this college town ? !  if this is what instant  message still experiencing i am horrified to imagine . anyway :
. movement makes visible that sexual violence is not about people individual actions but is a systemic problem
there is really nothing normal about it moments away from taking fully where everyone is talking up about me too what not obviously barking .
women are using to raise sexual assault awareness gpr on gender and violence :
how to have the talk to prevent misogyny & sexual harassment among young people via 
you don 't even have to hold to fundamentalist christian theology on sex to realize that it would reduce sexual assault and violence
and often make wrong life decisions based on the  alternate realities  they  ve formed in their minds to ease the shame and confusion . lifelong domestic violence is often the result of these unintentional decisions .  love  becomes distorted by the pain . 
this article shares the power of social media and the movement . the raw power of
a voice of reason sure but not all sexual harassment is alike and not all workplaces are like hollywood . 
run creepy men of power and money in hollywood .  the women you wronged are pissed
because there is no shame in being a victim . you have done nothing wrong . the shame lies with the perpetrator .
women shouldn t have to be doing this for people to recognize harassment and abuse is an issue
the world speaks the language of men but after women must find their voice
what s terrible about realizing how common sexual assault against women is is that i think who hasn t been assaulted before ?
sexual assault statistics are much lower than actual events . so many of us stay silent . that changes now .
trend highlights sexual harassment in wake of weinstein allegations 
i was his forth victim .  they kept moving him from church to church to avoid charges being pressed .  unfortunately
i wonder if and the general discussion around sexual assault is occurring in both social media landscapes or only the liberal one
i did not think it was hokey . episode and message about bullying was important . great show . is also great message .
/ hundreds of millions of women & men have shared their stories with it s a pervasive systematic problem .
news : hollywood holds march against sexual harassment 
first time at  year  old at a pool in the cayman islands old man put his arm around my little body . hotel kicked him out
and i remembered when i shared some  years later i did not feel a release i felt disgust in myself for letting it happen . for continuing to let it happen .
in israel : harassment of women prevalent in local film and television industry 
real men stand with women as allies against harassment via
real men stand with women as allies against harassment 
real men stand with women as allies against harassment . via
the campaign compelled  1  0  0  0 s of women to write about their experiences . men  has this raised your consciousness of the issue ?
sexual assault allegations sparks social media campaign has more
i might as well make a song called believe women + prepare myself in advance for the inevitable giant man baby backlash .
thank you for including in the podcast . thank   you for encouraging women to talk . ask about prosecutions . that s what s missing in the us . 
if the campaign really wants to attack the root cause of sexual assault they should be targeting the
for those who posted & those who couldn t  - we see you we believe you we support you . need support ? call (  )   - help (  ) .
no one wants to see your penis ! men remember what your mama told you ! billy .  keep the penis inside your !
let me hear from the men who love the women in their life and will defend in bullshit .
don 't know why were surprised about tolerating we elected a man heard bragging about grabbing women s .
hits home for sister ceo jess tomlin .  the real virus is sexual assault
i  m in tears knowing so many of my friends have experienced sexual harass men
by r i lawmakers share revelations  i  have been told sexual favors would allow my bills to go further  
the conversation continues at work but women can t be the only ones . men must act to stop
in  .  man what happened to hollywood ? there hasn t been a good movie since  is it just me ? .  no it s there aren t no good pictures anymore
to the women saying i am inspired by your bravery & resilience . men have a responsibility to do better by you .
my mom went through it . it was part of our growing up . then i went through  years of bruises black eyes and stared down a gun .
men women are not your playthings . keep your damn hands to yourself like how you were supposed to learn in kindergarten .
so when i say it s personal . i speak so that other men can realize how our behavior towards women hurts us all .
important read : leading a school culture without sexual harassment 
hashtag floods twitter with stories of sexual harassment solidarity 
yesterday at trader joe  s an older man tapped my butt after i refused his goodbye hug . a kind woman saw .
women of the senate share their stories of harassment  via powerful ladies robbed innocence . !
harassment begins where respect ends : just have sex to stop the rumors after i was almost sexually assaulted .
doesn t matter if you re female or male no  - one should be subjected to sexual harrass men the tweets is sickening
name names just don 't say congress has a sexual harassment problem lawmakers and staffers say 
local response to campaign helps victims of sexual assault 
retweeted nbc nightly news ( people flood timelines with personal stories of sexual .
rape & sexual assault . the only crimes where people will blame the victim instead of the offender
to all those affected never feel ashamed . it is not your fault . you re not alone . you ll never be alone . you have our support and love
to everyone who writes and those choosing not to share . we support you . we all must work together for a safer future for everyone 
following online campaign women in france are also telling their stories with
is just another pity party where women complain about being attacked while offering no solutions get armed & fight back
netflix is ending house of cards amid kevin spacey sexual assault allegations 
netflix cancels  house of cards  amid kevin spacey sexual assault allegations
w rj stands both with women who do and do not want to share their stories . we stand with survivors .
a lot of men who were abused by john travolta have come forward . remember men abuse other men . women abuse other women . 
my column in today s utah is not much better than hollywood when it comes to sexual assault . 
good !  i hope any one and every one sharing stories also take note and take appropriate remedies 
why are so many women saying our research found that  of young women have experienced sexual harassment
too many girls too many stories were shamed blamed silenced made to feel insignificant .  but we matter our stories matter
i am starting to lose count of how many times i have been sexually harassed and how many times it  s been my fault
watch : as survivors say what will it take to stop widespread sexual harassment ? reports :
would it be easier to list the movie producers and television personalities that have not sexually harassed women
so many times & it was particularly hard that it was someone i trusted & i knew . also particularly hard not being believed and blamed .
these posts make me v sad . there s a lot about people u don 't know ; there s a lot about people u won t ever know . please be compassionate  all u meet
countless times ! first sexual assault happened when i was in grade one . still remembers each and every bit of it .
how can someone who s experienced sexual assault ( and she surely did ) vote for djt ? just wondering beverly young nelson .
how two  - word protest against sexual harassment went viral
staff ed : shows solidarity with sexual assault victims 
i believe many women who posted to have gone through a does mine count reckoning . if you wondered i believe the answer is yes .
these stories ; wow . it s upsetting in the years since sexual harassment is bad psas have aired that virtually nothing has changed .
a man who stands for the rights of women is a true man . a place can never prosper where a chil is abused .
got raped by an fhe brother and got told by the bishop that there  s no way an room would do that and if anything i asked for it .
consent is recommended before sex okay ? men keeps your snake in the den if women say no .
watching the four senators share their story on meet the press made me weep . too many women .
the double   team was subpoenaed for his sexual assault allegations  weinstein & djt are  of a kind !
it  s sad how many women have gone through some kind of sexual harassment . women have been second guessing blaming themselves  years . 
neighbors can be abusers . a   - year  - old man has no business being with a   - year  - old girl all the time . question that . stop that .
wasn  t going to but realized that reluctance to speak up and fear of judgment is what allows sexual harassment to be so pervasive .
restoring respect : how me too & take a knee movements redefine discussion on sexual harassment and race in america .
the drumbeat of tags from women i respect or admire professionally know and care for personally or just follow is very affecting .
from a range of unacceptable to criminal every woman i know has experienced a type of assault .
a list of young adult books that deal with sexual assault from our librarian emma  
men in every profession have been getting away with sexual misconduct for so long it s isn t just politicians !  
watch and me live  tonight at  on discussing sexual harassment & the campaign !
new story on npr : in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say
the movement of explained and how you too can play a part in breaking the silence of sexual harassment
because i am related to at least  women i know who were sexually abused as children . 
reduce the opportunity for your coworkers to  things i need you to stop doing to the women you work with 
thanks for having me on to talk about the role play in ending sexual & gendered harassment !
. segment on  2 day about makng change  all women well here s your chance  put your where your mouth is . story 
u . s . senator sen . warren shares her sex harassment story
emailing all the men (  !  ) that have hurt me . i forgive them . instant  message passed the tears here seeking closure . resolution .
over the last year women telling their stories has brought clarity to understanding and processing my past . thank you to them all .
no retaliation but no consequences . an issue since he is a serial hair sniffer . even consequence women waste time reporting . 
the first time i felt the threat of sexual violence was when i was  & i was laughing wearing a skirt my chin on my knees .
i am looking for ways to help other women share their stories .  which would you participate in ?
lots of people don 't speak up about sexual harassment for fear of losing their job or being blacklisted .
instant  message a multiple that s sick of sexual assault and harassment
child sexual abuse ( grandpa ) rape ( first night of university of michigan freshman year ) and dv
the campaign is now global with hashtags in different languages encouraging women to speak up about assault . 
so to review both my wife and mother have experienced sexual harassment in the workplace
right and left wing chose to differ on every issue . how well   done they react to on sexual harassment ?
as the sole woman in an all male entertainment industry union years of constant harassment .
in all of those cases person committing the assault had power to do real damage to me while i had little re course . it  s about power .
and lest we overlook it is not only women who are harrased abused assaulted & traumatized on behalf of misogyny . dare we forget .
in this time of sexual assaults w / targeted soulmates to be expected of course as it is always war work to begin . right on target .
us olympic gold medalist mckayla maroney says she was victim of sexual abuse
raising my voice against sexual harassment and assault . it can happen to anyone .
thank you for giving me a path . warning : language sexual content and lady rage .
equal parts crushingly depressing and vitally important  - i feel sad for myself and women everywhere but also newly empowered .
anyone who grew up in a colonized country has been taught their whole life that white men are generally honorable & good . now with everyone should reevaluate the machine that churned out that myth . they are men with flaws like all other men .
women are saying this was so obvious i almost didn t but while men are surprised . that alone tells me these truths must be spoken
one of my experiences with an attempted sexual assault the other  was a cop who put me in his car touched my boobs & genital are a .
another victim . read erin murphy  s sexual harassment account while home on business last year . 
and it s totally cool if women don 't want to post  - that is their right . but i won t be convinced that it is a harmful movement .
if a man took a tube crush picture he would be accused of sexual harassment and be hounded out of society
it s very shocking to see my own friends opening up to i am in support of all the women fighting this .
please reply with articles that explain the accusations that trump is as bad as trump himself says he is . 
is hard to write but it  s true . sexual assault is common and never deserved . lord have mercy . 
read this now : the sexual harassment epidemic is all around us masterful post  - piece of writing by
while most sexual assaults seem to happen to women proportionately please don 't dismiss male victims
cornered by neighborhood boy at age  . asked why my  tits were so big & juicy at such a young age  pinned me lifted shirt to feel .
a hard truth : hour is not your friend : a philly lawyer on sexual harassment and | opinion  via
my experience is not unique . socio cultural lessons teach us that women are prey . this is why is such a widespread movement .
we need to uplift ambitious young women hoping to build careers in a famously rough  - and  - tumble business . 
i appreciate the efforts lately made by lawmakers because of but we need to prevent sexual abuse in the workplace .
here are tips on what to do to prevent and report sexual harassment happening in the workplace
isn  t just about the men out there who sexually harass women it  s about our entire culture . we have all enabled this problem
sexual assault is not [ just ] a women  s issue ; it  s a men  s issue and a community issue and men ready or not we have to break our silence .  on
getting sexual harassed seems to be a constant but having the opportunity to do something about it is rare   - ilana glazer
&  - women  s global fight against harassment goes online
women business leaders around the valley share their thoughts on the campaign  via
women business leaders around the valley share thoughts on campaign  via
valley women business leaders share thoughts on campaign  via
as a child  - molested as a teen  - raped stalked harassed as a woman  - raped harassed discriminated
yes where is the justice ?  women come forward ;  man hits & you beat feet to address . critics on 
only someone who doesn t understand or sexual violence would say that . not expected to get it but also not to define it for anyone
in  men have experienced sexual violence . this number is likely significantly under reported because patriarchy . source : rainn
if you care about read this amazing and eloquent account : diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
or there was the time i was sexually harassed by a police officer while reporting my sexual assault .
typing   mistake : made his former assistant van barnes in a private facebook post perhaps should say made by his former assistant van barnes in a private facebook post ? hits it s next stage 
unfortunately yes it seems to be exactly who you are . and many many women won  t forgive or forget any time soon .
in the week of my essay for on men s silence around sexual violence . he said nothing :
byron mccauley on roy moore : sexual harassment abuse a violation of human rights via
lawyer says raping women who wear ripped jeans is a man s national duty
were talking sexual assault and more on today tune in for this important conversation .
a must read for everyone to truly understand sexual assault !  - letter to 
retweeted hind makki ( dear men : if women you know don 't post it doesn t actually mean
the recent campaign reminded us about the close link between sexual violence and problematic notions of .
an untold number of women posted and revealed their deeply intimate experiences of abuse . is with us in studio
thurman  s rage is palpable yet contained conveying not just the tempestuous depths of but a profound understanding of the ways that female anger is received and weaponized against women .
thousands of sexual assault survivors are tweeting to highlight the scale of the problem . 
i understand the meaning behind but a not change anything for victims of sexual assaul ( and i  m one of them ) .
sexual assault survivors collective silence with viral hashtag  -
for a while i thought i was the  in  women . now i think the stats are wrong . it  s probably more like  in   aren  t  assaulted
some dogged reporting from the props to the women who shared their stories . even in the wake of the movement it isn t easy . 
men listen to what women are saying ask . how did we contribute to this environment ? and what will we do to end this behavior ?
what process do you have for people to report sexual abuse by your members ? do you educate your members to not sexually abuse ? 
floods social media with stories of sexual harassment and abuse 
floods social media with stories of sexual harassment and abuse
floods social media with stories of sexual harassment and abuse  via
isn  t for men . there is no man in this culture who comes close to what women have to deal with .
calls to anti  - sexual assault helpline up by  after harvey weinstein allegations 
i used to believe you had to be completely raped for it to be reported . i now know that any unwanted sexual advance is a violation .
thank you for your leadership pioneering and creation of the campaign & awareness of survivors of sexual assault !
thankful that women feel brave enough to tell their stories . sunlight is the best disinfectant
it hurts so bad to see the women you know you grew up with your classmates posting and tweeting
q4 : how can we make real change to address this climate of serial sexual predation across industries ?
is showing how many women have been harassed . she showed how often it happens . take action :
we live in a society that shames women who come forward and ostracize men for not being tough enough . both are bull shit args .
everyone that sexual abuse is not your fault . it s totally on the abuser . and you will survive !
i was  years old . i thought it was my fault and almost committed suicide at  . he got  months probation . i got life and ptsd .
here is a concrete way to help victims of rape . check out if your state has unprocessed rape kits  - support
cw : assault no one is entitled to your life . not for proof of numbers or for curiosity . if you can t speak out i see you . i am you .
with men victimizing girls and women ! i need a fucking break ! cat in a shark costume chases a duck while riding a roomba via
man screams look at moi when women disclose stories of systemic rape and violence 
no doubt russian trolls and bots are hijacking the hashtag ahead of revelations about trump s sexual violence . 
million women share sexual assault stories you heard it . but yeah 
the movement connects us women from all over the world in such a powerful way & enables our agency . yes it happened to
how me too hashtag sparks sharing  -  - and healing | health care news | us news 
who won the week ? stop  that . louis economy senate republicans & the women of the movement . brought to you by
i am fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
from & beyond men can be allies in the fight against sexual violence . here s how :
timely share by ! this is exactly why i wrote about why we should stop calling grown women such costumes should be trashed .  
carrie fisher sent a cows tongue man after he sexually assaulted her friend  - people 
updated : bjrk shares further details on her sexual harassment story as part of the movement
stats say  in  women are sexually harass e that is just because the other  were too ashamed or afraid to admit it .
defend yourself . you don 't need to be rescued . you are strong enough . do not put up with sexual harassment . speak out .
yes . instant  message a survivor of adult male on adult male rape . stop the culture . we can and must change it .
thousands of women share experiences of sexual assault on twitter through
thousands of women share experiences of sexual assault on twitter through  via
thousands of women share experiences of sexual assault on twitter through 
 of the many roles that men can play in reducing sexual victimization .  perhaps a place to start is changing how we listen .  
and start by helping your male cronies execute what you just said in women need to be pushed to power .
& effect : louis c . k . responds to sexual misconduct allegations : these stories are true 
weinstein treated them like they had no intrinsic value as if they were commodities to be used with no other purpose than to meet the sexual needs of men . but then again this is what hollywood is selling all of us .
how many more kids will have to be failed by a system that thinks sexual assault is no big  deal ?
. so why are women doing all this accusing now ? simply they want it to stop . and they are finding the courage now to do so .
on the school bus in high school by another student (  1  6 years ago ) & too many times to count during my regular commute .
as a female in a male dominated field sexual harassment has happened to me . that s all i am going to say .
i don 't admire that you worked for that horrible show but i admire your courage & that you cracked open the abuse culture
instant  message a survivor too so back off . your tweet sounds like you re doubting the women . 
top story : sexual harassment in america : what happens after  - nov .     see more 
and here lies the problem with hollywood ! how can you ask us to defend women with this crap ?
to those who have survived sexual assaul and identify other than cisgender female i see you hear you acknowledge you .
watch : movement : will sexual harassment fight lead to change ?  via
in  case you missed  it : our hour on and the sexual harassment that goes beyond just hollywood
thanks to  + women accusing of rap  giving us a lesson on what s not acceptable in male female relations
now this news : french women are taking the movement off social media and into the streets
and really to the extent that you  reply surprised or dubious about the barrage of voices on your feeds you  reply part of the problem .
campaign floods social media with stories of sexual assault
the latest steph s picks : an intelligent curation of social media women in leadership and criminal justice . !  
so very sad that that is the way she is being viewed to think that these women would put themselves on trial for political gain is absurd
um yeah wants men you speak up with how about i  have been assaulted by at least  women over years .
no need to wait for monday . another right wing conspiracy ? women are getting brave 
and men and boys with stories . also be aware women rape too . it happened to me .
it s not for lack of stories as every woman has a story ; that at least is now accepted fact .
thank you and for showing us you care about sexual assault victims . shame on you
the over sexualization of b w is a huge issue and reason b w are less likely to receive justice as sexual assault victims .
important read . women & men who have been affected let s continue the conversation . 
isn  t a movement about women supporting other women it  s a movement to show how many women have dealt with unwanted sexual advances .
when you take the time to creep a woman s profile pictures just so you can tell her about her boobs
sexual assault isn t the exclusive province of any race gender religion political party etc etc etc . and it s always bad .
they all have some things girls the way they look they all do . to be contested of course industry beautiful girls soulmate beauty .
brought attention to rampant sexual violence validates but we need more now it s time to what will you do ?
i was  the  1 stop  that time i was sexually harassed . the  1 stop  that time i was sexually assaulted was  . it  s happened too many times to count .
men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with 
men u want to treat women better ? here s a list to start 
men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with  via
women s effort to avoid abuse would have created many paintings great careers leaders . it is a femi cide of talent .
meet the activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault
meet activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault  via
read s essay  - retribution  coming out of shadows . she holds hope for more women s voices
[ teacher  watching sexual assault ] i slept with a director * somewhere in alphabet . he got very creative to maneuver past  
thousands of women identify themselves as victims of sexual harassment or assault with me too hashtag
thousands of women identify themselves as victims of sexual harassment or assault with me too hashtag 
when i was a kid i narrowly avoided a situation that would have had me tweeting a story of my own today . sexual predators are scum .
i am yet another  one  of the many . together we will rise . may our voices raised mark the beginning of the end of sexual abuse .
weinstein : sexual harrassment : blind accepted part of hollywood culture :  
loud and proud ! thank you for backing not only your wife & friends but women in general . 
boyfriend didn t know who to believe told me he wouldn t believe me unless i went to the hospital & police station . so i did .
if you re surprised at the number of women who have been harassed or assaulted you re not paying attention .
my father is a sexual predator & a child molester . he s only been arrested once ( that i know of ) but had countless victims . i know because
in france men who harass women on the street will finally face fines
to be clear using your perceived power over someone sexually unless consensual makes you a sexual predator .
i was sexually assaulted at the age of  by a grown man that repeatedly assaulted me in my own home while babysitting me . 
a fifth woman accuses senate candidate roy moore of sexual misconduct
rt meetthepress : even some of the most powerful women in government are saying four senators told us of th 
for many people who experience harassment doesn  t feel radical or empowering  it feels frustratingly familiar .
the same women crying because they were sexually harassed have said some of the most racist things i  have ever heard in my life .
those passive aggressive comments at me from men . male relatives who hold my daughters in sexual ways .
as women say these men in are doing their part to end gender  - based violence :
fuck   me in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers
sexual abuse is so horrific for both genders that many are not able to add their name to .  need sensitivity
my biggest concern about is that the numbers of women assaulted and harassed will be so many  - we will be accused of making it up .
same here . then the conserv reaction to and then this . the people reacting this way have never been touched by this type of harassment or abuse or they wouldn t be this heartless .
shout out to the amazing women business leaders in the story especially i  
universities : file title ix complaints under the name of the harasser  - not the complainant . are several women naming same guy ?
mckayla maroney says sexual abuse by team doctor started when she was  
reminder : do not send random women naked photos of yourself . i cannot believe i even have to say this .
something to keep in mind about the statuses : think about all the women who aren  t sharing
mine are still too painful to share but i admire and am grateful to the brave women who have .
many courageous women around the world are sharing their stories with the tag . my reply is :
for myself for my friends & family & for all the other women i have passed on the street who have suffered the same abuse
isn t about who s pretty  -  - it s facing magnitude of powerful women tormented in order to work . 
seeing so many women i know and care about say is absolutely chilling . my heart hurts for each and every one of you .
uhh . i thought the was for those to spread awareness on how many people are victim to sexual assault . what d i miss ?
as educators we protect kids from sexual harass men check out resources : 
you support rapists & child molesters ?  does . i ban you . protect women & children or fail . 
exec dir says movement is important  1 stop  that step when it comes to healing after sexual harassment 
by an room . he grabbed me & demanded head said he wouldn t give me a ride home if i didn t . i walked home  miles in the snow at  .
the fact that there are so many women declaring this ? unacceptable . everyone should be really pissed . time to end this culture .
self  - compiled sexual harassment summary won t do . public has the right to know abusers . 
for all of the women who bravely said and those who simply couldn t : we see you we support you and we fight for you every day .
sexual assault on children ? epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
sexual assault of children ? epidemic : america s trade in child rape 
i don 't want to raise my girls to have to survive harassment and assault as basic conditions of their female ness .
and a special thank you to who is helping women feel confident & making the conversation louder .
movement a flood of personal experiences with sexual harassment and sexual assault have 
i asked to clarify his definition of sexual harassment after his web log post today .
is leadership representing the best interests of the amazing women who share their heart wrenching stories there ?
christian men this should remind us that we  ve been called to an even higher standard than what culture demands . read & let  s repent . 
however .  it shouldn  t fall on women to end sexual assaul just like it shouldn  t fall on piece of crap to end systemic racism .
i fear nearly every woman can say . my prayer is for enlightenment on both sides  - girls and women who won  t simply recognize the ha 
i support the women bravely sharing their stories through i see you . i hear you .
listening to all of the stories and feeling very sad for how we have failed women . men we must be better .
the tag on twitter is helping to show the magnitude of sexual assault . 
is sexual harassment a big problem in germany ? we spoke to people in berlin to find out .
child sexual abuse is insidious in nature requires collusion by those who cld stop / prevent it & has long  - term health consequences
excellent job on !  thank you for your years of helping women & children of color !
professional tip : perhaps we should stop telling little girls that boys who pick on them do it the boys like them .
jedi hugs to everyone who is saying  - and to everyone who doesn t feel safe or comfortable doing so .
mad men writer says show  s creator sexually harassed her then fired her after winning an emmy :  via
i wish i didn  t have to write this article . but until sexual abuse ends i have to tell you this . 
powerful piece on bi trans & non  - binary people who experience dis proportionate levels of sexual violence . 
what i  m wondering about & workplace harassment : how many of us women also witnessed  things we wish we  d reported ?
diet clinic diary part  dinner . last night at dinner things went too far even for old tough skinned .
abusers aren t cartoon villains strangers in alleys or nameless figures from women s pasts . they are regular people all around us . how are you working to hold them accountable ?
have you noticed how many people you know and love have used this tag ? see the extent of the problem ?
while sexual harassment and rape should not happen i am glad that it has been brought up today . ( cont ) .
constantly sexually harassed by male attending s and sexually assaulted by a man that just saw me as an object to be used
being sexually victimized is never a welcomed . i was victim iz d very early it changes you more than people would like to know . speak up !
everyone should learn about sexual assault harassment & consent in school . and we have the tools to
cc if they can treat women & girls being sold like that what s to stop them from treating us all like this ?  is a big part of the problem 
thousands of women share their stories of sexual harassment via campaign  via
retweeted cotton candy vampire the tag came about to give victims of sexual assault like .
shout out to girls whose bodies developed  years earlier than most girls & were sexually objectified even before their first period .
javier muoz alyssa milano & thousands more share stories of sexual harassment
anyone who is expressing shock right now at the women posting statuses is just telling me that you have not been listening .
roy moore : new woman comes forward claiming sexual assault when she was   .
in a public swimming pool at about   -  attacked by sexual pr editor did not understand why too young and sorely ignorant
after i broke up he broke in threw me against wall & assaulted me . locked me in bedroom ; hostage in my own home for hours till i broke window . former baseball player from jersey lived in fl managed catering suites
how do we follow up the to make real change and address the importance of women  s rights ? 
speaks to local women about their thoughts on the social media movement :
aw instant  message sorry that happened to you . instant  message sure most of the stories went unreported .
data point : of the  people who reacted to my status on facebook  are straight men
should be about all survivors including people who are not men or women and a lot of the way it is presented excludes them .
the campaign makes impact in portland . glad the line being drawn with violence against women . 
as the posts continue to flood our feeds and more stories emerge of men committing acts 
good time to remind people of this from :  stories told in what were you wearing ? .   
four men took turns raping me for  hours . they used an alcohol bottle & a flashlight on me and guess what .  instant  message
read about the campaign and learn strategies to help prevent sexual assault :
the reality that all women experience that men denial  of  normal  t know about  - 
created this image to encourage more women . do not be ashamed . your counts . rt and share .
we applaud bravery . read this post to learn more about the connection between sexual violence and
please stop sexualizing your ads !  such lewd conduct between usb ports should never be tolerated on an internet platform that women and children are allowed to view . 
mil ck puts movement to music with  quiet  featuring assault survivors
mil ck puts movement to music with quiet featuring assault survivors
so weinstein sexually harasses a bunch of women and all of a sudden all men are predators with this shit . come on now ladies .
by equiv oc ating across harassment and assault makes it harder to understand the magnitude s of these important issues
because we know that despite all of the talk black women and girls are largely seen as invisible . 
exactly how many  shitty men  will it take for us to save our sons ? noteworthy read via
sparks a global conversation on violence against girls & women via
twitter censors  hollywood ( & cnn ( affirmative stone ) did zero to online trolls threatened to murde women
the importance of understanding the impact of shame . gets this spot on . the shame belongs to the man . 
the campaign illuminates not only the ubiquity of sexual assault and harassment but also the resilience and strength of women today
we join because physical and emotional violence directly threatens women s empowerment and dignity everywhere .
i have a moment every day where i freshly love women for all their ( our ) strength resilience and intelligence . plus podcasts ! 
but like none of these women have any game . did no one teach them the art of seduction ? they might get lucky if they had a bit of mystery . i get excited about mystery dates just as much as anyone else but it s not a mystery when they are so direct . it s traumatising .
language is important . while shows the scale on which sexual aggression occurs remember : there are no victims without aggressors
i believe men who have spoken out . men women with power and none have harassed me all my life .
cat calls unwanted attention on public transportation being followed around a public place 
eu news : european parliament : zero tolerance to sexual harassment and sexual abuse in the eu via
the amount of women posting the is disturbing . more disturbingly it  s also not that shocking . we got   to do better .
( college . serving tables . coworker . thank you to my male manager who stood up for me and took immediate action . when i tried to
regardless of whether instant  message comfortable or you re comfortable saying we all need to admit that we have a problem . 
cambridge professional  - vc : universities have come a long way on sexual harassment but more needs to be done
is a very strong and necessary initiative . no woman should be made to feel objectified or inferior . all men should take note .
legal news : is raising awareness but taking sexual abuse to court is a minefield 
actress janis paige shares her experience of sexual harassment in hollywood s golden age
raise your hand if you still have a story of sexual assault that you re too afraid to tell
is there anyway we can get some band members tossed corey s way . if you can t donate your own time for campaign ? 
agreed . we can never let end . we must protect all women and girls and enable them to always be able to speak up without fear . 
retweeted women s march canada ( check out the podcast discussing want .
quote comes to mind : men are afraid women will laugh at them . women are afraid men will kill them .
reply messages from two women staff from two different major ngos shared with permission
shout to all the people that had the bravery to share their stories . to all of us that haven t just know you re not alone .
for women who can t afford expensive counsel : the gender equality law centers campaign to fight back | io by 
if it wasn t for i d have never known how pervasive sexual assault is ! thankfully what   ever started to talk about it . that s the  1 stop  that step
dear instant  message so sorry your son was preyed up on & by tell your son he s not alone & fight on !
been hiding under a big rock ? cut off from the world because of here s all you need to know about 
the power of the tabloid press to help silence women has been underscored in recent weeks . 
access hollywood tapes were a blatant admission of sexual misconduct . how does trump get away with it ?
the dam may have burst but women remain  2 and class citizens . with some settlement $ going to a safe mechanism for reporting  - progress !
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney shared her own assault story via
is a serial sexual predator who should not be in the senate . moore victims will come forward .
unsuitable for the senate . he s a serial sexual predator . moore victims will come forward . 
best story so far on sexual by powerful men ( = gatekeepers ) in the industry 
good grief hard to pin point all sexual harassment incidents i  ve had where guys just wouldn  t let up
i wish that perpetrators of sexual harassment or those who let it happen without calling it out would also say something .
) sons & are teaching them true respect of women thank you . we need more of you .
the more women who carry guns the more predators will think twice before targeting them . maybe then the hashtag could be not 
when you try to justify that your experienced sexual harassment isn  t as bad as those assaulted .  and then realize it is just
let us not forget that many men and boys also face sexual assault and abuse .
how does language erase men from a men s issue ? what s going on with men ? jackson katz asks good questions . 
i guess at first i was upset about the campaign . i mean i still am because i don 't owe anyone a story of assault .
so ladies now someone in govt wants to essentially place a permanent and legalized threat over victims of sexual assault . 
great campaig m shame it started only with hollywood & women for me can be even more dramatic not in numbers though . also intra familiar
and a reminder of all the survivors who didn t post today . women don t owe you their story .
men : now a woman can say anything & i ll be blamed ! no one will believe me over her well shit .  now you know what that feels like
instant  message  . an elderly man approached me in chicago . too disgusted to give details
gymnast joined saying she was molested by the u . s . women  s team doctor for years
instant  message discussing the movement & asia argento in particular here . maybe i need to clarify exactly whom or what instant  message referencing in each specific tweet
dear i want to take a moment to thank you . you were one of the first in the position you were in to take the risk to say
in  a taste for murder  and i listed resources for survivors of sexual harassment and sex abuse . there is help out there 
dear men we don 't want your protection . we want you to treat us as equals and respect consent so that there s no more 
rather than putting this all on men we need to confront the culture of enforced silence by holding the enablers to account .
but i also want to send my love to innocent boys & men who were also victims .
belief is so crucial in healing from sexual assault . people almost always blame the victim . let  s change that . 
ways students can help victims of sexual assault . we are all in this together and we should support one another .
and rarely if ever have to suffer direct consequences for their actions . assault itself may bring charges but harassment almost never !
that use their job in order to have sexual contact with victims should be punished to the full extent of the law .
hey see all these posts ? when you make excuses for the sexual predator you put in the wh you re 
the movement against sexual assault & sexual harassment . new post . link in the bio
anyway . that s my story of the day . tune back in in a month or so and i ll have a new one . back to your anime bullshit
i raise up my voice  - not so i can shout but so those without a voice can be heard ; we cannot succeed when half of us are held back
instant  message overwhelmed with so many feelings seeing how many women are sharing you are not alone .
the story behind it doesn t make it any more or less re a instant  message a statistic instant  message a survivor and i choose to speak up
female teachers need to stop sleeping with their students and need more coverage . men aren t the only animals
for every there are dozens of women gender non  - conforming trans & queer folks who remain silent . it  s not just a me it  s an us .
this is hollywood not only with this guy directors producers agents etc also men have been sexually harassed i lived in la  a while
not because there s a bandwagon but to show how far and how wide the evil of sexual mole statio is .  child by the pool
news flash : most if not all girls and women have been subjected to sexual harassment and abuse at some point
hoosiers are tweeting sharing their stories of being victims of sexual assault and harassment 
delight in stories with strong female characters . what decent men can do in response to
today is not a day to be jolted around elicit emotions run am ok whatever may it s not a good day to follow the & be of proper outrage
cat called and sexual harassed as a  1  2 year girl just walking her dog .
harassment s violations bullying and oppression are not signs of a good person . nor is denial and lies .
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault for more article chec 
in the wake of has tips for talking to young people about sexual violence : 
not surprising . and have always led social justice movements whether or not white women saw
i appreciate everyone s post . yet this is psy  - ops against women because what are online corporations going to do about it ?
the campaign the self doubt that many survivors of s a experience & society s entitlement  survivors trauma 
and donald trump bragged about having sex with numerous women . grab them by the pussies .
many of us  -  - women & life  - long feminists  -  - smell a faux  - feminist  - traitor from light years away . 
some will say i care for a fleeting moment . do you know what i did after my last sexual assault ? the whole time i was trying to
to all the women out there who have ever been sexually harassed raped or just made to feel like you are only worth your looks .
depressing sexual assault and harassment fact : includes not only me but all three of my daughters . my heart is broken by this fact .
while instant  message being pissed about assault . instant  message here for male s from my tough  luck or elsewhere . i me too d like fuck last year so not repeating .
at the age of  a classmate grabbed my ass . at the age of  a fellow saxophone asked me if i  d have sex with him for  .
many women are ashamed . you denial  of  normal  t need to be famous to speak up . 
former player breanna stewart inspired by shares account of sexual abuse as a child
thankfully never assaulted but definitely harassed . probably most women have been . we deserve better .
i feel like random people putting into instagram selfies are just there for attention . if you actually have been sexually assaulted
if you experience sexual harassment in don 't c are and you need support get in touch . were here .
it s also pretty telling that no men commented on my status . curious to see if any other women had the same experience .
is so much bigger than adding yourself to the list . it is the people who assaulted or harrassed you who could be outed in an instant .
hundreds join march in hollywood against sexual harassment
& it was just a weird guy & it was someone i knew & that was harmless & let it go just let it go & it was only a cat call & & &
this stuff is horrifying . i  m lucky enough to have never been sexually assault e in real life .
careful not to trivialize it by calling it a cultural moment . it s an ongoing fucking problem . today women exemplify it with 
issues | we need to talk about classical music s sexual abuse problem 
by the way thanks for having any empathy for my situation or any other women who have legitimately gone through this
women of color are more likely to be victims of and being assaulted / harassed in the workplace . it s part of the 
the social media movement is helping sexual assault victims in the panhandle cope .
raise your hand if you time your trip to the office kitchen to avoid harassment ?
i knew i didn t matter but i thought the world was changing . i thought it would be a different world for my daughters . it is not . fin
i  m not even sure i know a woman who hasn  t on some level had to endure overcome & survive something unwelcome
has demonstrated the widespread prevalence of sexual violence and why coming together helps survivors cope :
oh were so scared .  bring it on pussy are the problem evidenced by the nude photos degrading women . 
louis c . k will try to win us back with some jokes but we must deny him like those women in his hostel room
parents can we raise boys who don 't require women to have a movement ? here s how you can talk to your son : 
does it matter who started the hashtag ? can women please recognize that every time somebody a publication .
i never wanted to be a person to say this but and every day i think about it and i denial  of  normal  t think i  ll ever get over it .
it took me  years to tell my parents .  to tell a counselor in that time my first relationship was one where consent didn  t matter
ellen degeneres has joined the movement : i think it s important to speak out and not be shamed by anyone .
men who stand by silently and let other men sexually harass female coworkers are co  - conspirators in the harassment
a moment in politics i must share  - during today s panel for  young women
i am an assault survivor and while this may not have been their intent tonight this kind of behavior leads to sexual assaults .
is showing the world just how much of an epidemic sexual violence is . take action :
 i wish women didn  t have to rip our pasts open and let you ogle our pain for you to believe us about predation & trauma .  lindy west
get  a  life gadot reportedly won  t return for wonder woman  if brett ratner does via
i  ve pushed it so far back into the back of my head that i feel like it wasn  t even real like i  m making it up
in ethiopia where sexual violence in schools can reach  it takes courageous girls to say
from the first time when an adult stuck his hand up my shirt at  to the neighbor who followed me into my apt to assault me at  .
neither is the therapist who recommends a   - week outpatient program for a serial sexual predator taking things seriously .
hey may i m bialik no one asked for your opinion on sexual harassment  -  - haven t experienced it ? don 't talk about it .
a7 :  / when stories come from prominent feminists & people you thought were so strong & untouchable it shows nuance
is inspiring movie stars and regular twitter users alike in sharing their stories of abuse . 
words became his actions . his actions were to sexually harass and take advantage of women . his consequences ? none .
i work pay taxes listen to people say instant  message the devil and it s expected and no one cares 
some men pursue justice for little girls . some men pursue little girls . alabama will be judged for decades to come by the choices that they make in the next few weeks . 
talking about assault by men who believe themselves too powerful to be held accountable .
means when strong women decide to get w / & destroys the victim culture of
instant  message a bit late because i was honestly too scared to say anything and only  people know about it previously but
what s astounding ( not really ) is the number of women belittling & mocking dana on this thread . guess it s okay when they bully .  
almost every woman i know here has posted & some men too . that is hundreds . abusive culture crosses all ethnicities .
to stop women harassment support pledges like un women  s empowerment principles to get started . 
at first i didn t feel allowed to participate in the tag because i genuinely didn t think my experiences of harassment were enough
sexual assault goes far beyond read the new article on our site :
the advocate mag : melanie kohler wants to be the voice that helps other women come forward .
love this book i  have got a small non profit focused on women would to host an event with you in can pay your travel lodging
this is not just a hollywood story . women s groups t out resources in wake of weinstein allegations 
i get so tired of the erasure of black women s intellectual emotional and social justice labor !
directors guild  - what are you going to do to help stop this systemic film business sexual a bus ?
i took the pledge we must stand up for woman anytime u see a woman being harassed report it immediately enough is enough
we want to hear your stories & empower one another . send in what you  d like to share . your anonymity will be protected !
daughter too laws should be passed to stop all predictors ! men and woman ! no more releasing them back on society !
and i  m stunned by the many males that are  surprised  by the number of women coming out . it  s our constant reality .
is an important reminder that for all gender  s intersections there are common  - dare i say universal  - aspects to women  s experience of
don 't believe that sexual violence is a problem in your religious community ? & so many other voices completely dispel your navet .
it would probably be easier to count the women and girls who have never been sex u elly harassed
a defense of women  - only workspaces + comedy & causes with gwen la roka + bully live + feminist best sellers !  - 
a defense of women  - only workspaces + comedy & causes with gwen la roka + bully live + feminist best sellers !  -
to  be  honest the amount of men twisting the campaign is vile and disgusting . why else do you   all think we can trust you ?
the woman warrior who started  years ago . thank you for your empowerment through empathy movement .
the fsl community supports the women who decide to disclose and we understand that to make changes in our society
also  known as : women name & shame harassers on social media
hillary clinton trashes the victims of sexual predators  -  - she doesn t give a damn about 
it s been a week since brought the issue of workplace sexual harassment to light . so what s next ?
we need a campaign about racism and needs to be led by white people .
on front page of today  s  - a reminder that this happens to women at all levels of power
men it is our responsibility to dismantle the patriarchal systems that enable the continuation and survival of rape culture . the embrace of toxic masculinity has to come to an end .
only four more sleeps till nottingham women stand against all forms of male violence against women . join us this saturday ? 
reuters : rt reuters pictures : women say sharing their experiences with sexual abuse at the women  s conventi  
were live this morning with talking sexual harassment in the workplace . watch :
a previous speech given by michelle obama is still relevant as people across the globe share their experiences with hashtag 
so powerful . she excellently articulates the shame & fear that keeps women from reporting these incidents . 
via  - floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  see more 
of american internet users under age  have been victims of revenge porn or online harassment . 
/ so if there s a addresses a change in behavior for you to the stories women have opened emotion all wise please start it
victims of sexual assult s don 't owe anyone our stories but silence may indicate there s no story to tell .
not just women inspired my campaign .  this male star coming forward too .  
worked at sinai hospital in the  1  9  7  0 s problems of daily living clinic . refused to allow me to take another job when i was offered
we published this a year ago today . it  s hard to talk about but it happens to so many women 
years ago at a stop  that u only woman in the program i was shunned flung against a wall by  male and screamed at just for being there .
in support of .  i have been raped sexually molested discounted and ignored about sexual abuse .  if you .
in hollywood hundreds join march against sexual assault  via
in hollywood hundreds join march against sexual assault
she  would not have spoken out if it weren  t for the  other brave women who spoke before  our stories matter .
hot tip : is everywhere . don 't make me thread about publishing which should obviously be included . every woman has a story .
working up the courage to post about my own shortcomings in light of if it s this hard for me it must be so much harder for women .
women like you are known to make up stories look at your body you probably provoked him in some way he would never . not to you
sadly i don 't believe i know any women who couldn t put next to their name . including
~ thank   you . started at  9 years old . i  m still deal in myself with the memories at  years old . sigh  tears *
an example of how not having sexual education screws things up in conservative india : 
lefty bro : this trend is horrible ! what can we as men do ? woman : can you stop using porn and prostitution ? lefty bro : fuck off bitch !
same goes for piece of crap and racism . one weird trick for helping women  via
wherever light there is moth ! women exploit sex on screen or live didn t men alive ? men respond to & 
there s  witnesses .  what could possibly be these women s objective to lie ? and before you anwser with bullshit about it being a political stop and consider that is the their reasons .
- at a time when people covered things up made excuses . wait that  s still happening . inexcusable .
) the rest of stays with me until i die not as a shameful secret to keep locked in but as a reason to keep fighting to end abuse .
rt women at forbes : everyone deals in their own way . during the campaign here are some tips that we hope are  
to my gender women are not toys to play around . they are humans that deserve respect and dignity .
adding my name to the very long and ignored list of women who stand up and say
news in floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via n 
opinion : helps fight collective denial of sexual violence 
nytimes : women as well as men are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment  
women as well as men are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment are
is about harassment too but there  s no need for you to try & minimize this obviously disturbing experience that affected her
women will no longer stay quiet  - phool an dev is journey was epic  - help us tell her story
and many times . floods social media with stories of harassment and assault
if your reaction to is to mock deflect or minimize the power of this idea then i genuinely feel sorry for the women in your life .
. joined the movement saying she fired  broad city  staffers after being sexually harassed
i don 't want men to tweet because yes stop protecting rapists & predators . you re all complicit .
as heartbreaking as is i appreciate so many women coming forward to make this awful injustice come to light . me too .
to make change : if you re on a panel filled with only men  - mention to the organizers you aren t down suggest something else or refuse the panel . this is how you can help
experienced various sexual predators at library . was propositioned chased  who exposed himself heard heavy breathing
it happens to all of us . women men and children . it s high time we stop treating it as a taboo but voice out .
last week : uses for bi weekly complaint of death threats from dems this week : si c s sycophants on americans who criticize sex predator
i was sexually assaulted at  and again five years later . now i just hope for acceptance change and that people educate themselves about assault .
parents please teach your sons about the importance of respect . what u give to others u give to yourself .
what you need to know about the hashtag raising awareness of sexual violence :
1 stop  that time at ~ age6 : friends dad made blonde jokes implying i was stupid & continued to make them as aged . didn t know how to respond .
for to make real change we should turn the conversation away from women and towards men says
i have hundreds of moments i  ve been sexually harassed & assaulted ; i  m very vocal about it but how you handle it is your choice .
i believed that rape was just what happened to women who stepped too far outside their front doors . 
. failure to keep an eye on the spectrum problems of public safety ? and rape as the cost of business
was off twitter most of the day but belatedly i consider myself lucky in that all my experiences were harassment not assault .
if you owe someone an apology for something that may have happened = sounds likely men too 
. continuity of care is best for women in order to build trust . we are extra vulnerable when pregnant & birthing .
me too . if all the women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted me too  we might grasp the magnitude of the problem .
great talk gretchen . amen on the gender boxes ! sexual harrassment all professions  - most fired & unemployed in field since (
if you have a similar story to share about anyone please drop an email anonymous or fake i d if you like
has been trending & people have been sharing their stories of sexual harassment and assault with me .
since i  have been un burdening my stories & instant  message hoping for healing for all of you carrying the weight of those memories .
really hating on the lack of wmn . supporting each other on fb . yes the problem really is that pervasive . stop explaining it away !
women deserve respect & not objects to be grab be you are not entitled to my body . watch  - >
don 't be sad for me . i was supported by people who didn t know they were doing it . that incident didn t define me . here me roar !
for harassment for unbalanced power dynamics in a past relationship for thinking i should just be thankful i haven  t been assaulted
brilliant piece by brilliant woman . sarah polley : the men you meet making movies
made the scale of sexual abuse go viral . but is it asking too much of survivors ?
made the scale of sexual abuse go viral but is it asking too much of survivors ?
analysis | made the scale of sexual abuse go viral but is it asking too much of survivors ?
made the scale of sexual abuse go viral but is it asking too much of survivors ? .  
i have had severe anxiety this past week remembering all the ways i and other women experienced harrassment at tfn
big stars avoid red carpet at awards gala amid sexual misconduct scandals via
i don 't know how i feel about i think almost every woman has been harassed but we should speak up on our own terms .
unwanted sexual advances are like roaches . where one is there are  more you can t see . sometimes i wish i had run over his foot
many moon s ago and almost half my life ago in a foreign country by a partner of a friend . never reported it . 
horrific reading & what women have been & are still be subjected to in the workplace & beyond sadly it s no surprise though
i don 't quite know what instant  message adding to this whole conversation with this right now but ; 
.   in  women sexually assaulted . read the tag . watch the news . you re so ignorant it s tragic .
harassment in hollywood s golden age : a survivors first hand story ( guest column )  via
women in congress are also living they also didn t feel safe to speak up . we spoke up and now they are too .
a terrible mistake for you to believe your pain of harassment is greater than another s because it s trending in the news .
bravo to the  women who stepped forward ! women in the food service industry are too often victims of harassment and wage theft . 
i am pretty sure that it is impossible to exist as an opinionated woman on the internet without being graphically sexually harassed .
: to protect themselves multiple women confessed that they attempt to cover up & look unattractive on set 
by the powerful and not  - so  - powerful . even as a teenager . not just once or twice . not just long ago . more pervasive than most realize .
with all the people revealing their truth i thought i d repost my letter to survivors of sexual violence . 
our cops do nothing for us  - women  - will you ? open a women s harassment government  - to solve this problem
not to the women . and not to every other decent person . is wrong . it s incredibly important to be heard
these campaigns are asking men to take accountability for their actions in response to the campaign : 
in south africa their probably isn t a woman who hasn t been sexually assaulted or harassed in some way
so proud of brave victims like calling for fearless men i e to stand up for all us & build that bridge fortify cross it together y  all .
today i am breaking my silence . i am a victim of sexual assault . i know this isn  t my 
in power george homework bush apologizes after actress says he sexually assaulted her patted her derriere from his wheelchair ! 
sexual assault is perpetrated by all people of any gender identity . i was abused by a lesbian from age   -  and she went on to be bi .
i am proud of my service . but when it happened i remained silent . you knew what happened to the girls who said something .
women share stories of sexual harassment assault | on point 
what an utterly profound difference a subtle shift in our language makes . men we should consider this as we see fill our feeds . 
i  have also had to testify in court for a co  - wr kr i witnessed grabbed by the throat pushed against the wall & sexually harassed .  her .
not sure what s assault . had a hard time understanding what harrassment was but being born in  most of my life !
some men are evil but most are not . sad i met one of the evil ones and let him be part of my life for three years until i realized what he did to and with me
from the culprits giving reason for women to say to scandal to our political leaders  - not taking mjr problem
there  s a similar list of key evangelical names that are sexual predators or have covered for those that are .
me i shouldn t have been wearing the shorts i was if i didn t want attention . harassment is so pervasive . every woman has a story .
oh my . perhaps because [ the women who came forward ] felt peer pressure to join the bandwagon 
 no stop ouch that hurts you want to see me bleed ? i already bled at the hospital you  reply not going to see me bleed  he looked sad
harassment begins where respect ends : all i wanted was to talk to you ! then spit in my face .
now that has happened time for not pretend that sharing anonymous stories is nearly as cathartic as justice served
right now i am inspired by the women in this country who are raising their hands saying  -
for people who think they haven t contributed to the reason we need here s a checklist of examples of sexual assault to make sure
eight  house of cards  employees accuse kevin spacey of sexual misconduct  via
i was trapped on a crowded metro by  men ( details of the encounter i don 't need to say ) as everyone around me did nothing so yeah
female lawmakers staffers and lobbyists speak out on pervasive harassment in california s capitol 
sexual on us always misplaced on to be held responsible  their actions & taught  keep dicks in their pants .
we asked people if they  d be interested in sharing their stories and were moved by the results . watch
to say instant  message deeply private would be an understatement but in this case i think it s important to say
takes something that women had long kept quiet about and transforms it into a movement 
- don 't c are detective & chief refused to take my daughters attempted rape report even though she had scratches & witnesses !  - bergen co sheriff officer refused to take my report of attempted  - sex assault in broad daylight in public because they said attempted means nothing happened .
just think .  this is women who are aware it s wrong . imagine the thousands who have no idea
first  2  4 hours over half million women in u . s . said if africa south asia or middle east this would ve been excuse for west invasion .
we are saying at all men are complicit . how dare you attack a constituent and american citizen . shame on you .
if you are one of the countless other people who have been assaulted and don 't want to publicly tweet about it you are not weak .
tatiana guts u  - despite what people that should have protected you are saying we believe you we support you and you are not alone . 
what are the best steps to take if you ve been sexually harassed at work ? lawyer karen holden advises 
reply  - upping my piece due to controversial in  got fired from band but women told . 
. just on twitter . just this evening . just people willing to out themselves . and every woman i know . we need change .
if you re some skeezy hollywood wanna be with a history of unwanted sexual advances ? you ought to be afraid . game over jackass .
women everywhere : nfl : i have an idea .  seriously ? i  ll watch the super bowl when janet gets her apology
sad to see extent of sexual abuse or harassment in our world judging from the me too hashtag . for me it was harassment and i was
hollywood producer brett ratner sues woman who accused him of rape 
girls who now swipe left on guys claiming objectification is not a concern of only one gender sexual harassment is only about power
because you are told to forgive your attackers . because you can t just walk on public streets without harassment .  in  seems low .
today at  pm aj  : breaking the silence : sexual harassment . what is it ? how does help ? what to do when you see it ?
i  have never told my father about what these men do at work . it would upset him too much . it was recent event . 
framing is powerful . with each in your feed think of how many perps that is . men it s to step up and model proper behavior . 
thank you stephen sack ur for interviewing jane fonda & to her for supporting the victims of sexual predators like harvey weinstein .
four times at work including one job interview . zero times were there any repercussion for the guy .
men  s stories are deeply important  this conversation . because it  s about power & how one chooses to use it . it was never about sex . 
we shouldn t have to be discussing assault stories . we should be believed we deserve an apology & we shouldn t let it happen again !
half the country has been abused . in fact most women have that s not an excuse for being a criminal .
i was taught by my office manager during my first days working for a democratic senator that if i found myself alone in an elevator with senator thurmond to get out .
harvey weinstein belongs in jail a long with all the other men who rape harrass stalk force coerce dominate intimidate
i don't know if the stuff is just now making you sad about sexual violence i really envy you but also where have you been ?
with a simple women now realise they  reply not alone and they can speak up . watch as the silence unravels .
shared my stories in today . the case for a permanent to tackle sexual violence harassment & attitudes inescapable 
spoke w a group yesterday about & every woman identified level w harassment including
it happened . men in high powered positions . next target : family monsters .  incest i will fight you with my dying breath .
from today at  et joins us to talk : christians must engage the conversation . speak up people .
hi ! please kindly pray for all people and all souls ! thank you & god bless !
i have started unfollowing men who have been silent since weinstein and campaigns . not worth knowing .
we need a revolution to stop this scourge ! fox renewed bill o reilly deal despite harassment suit 
2  0  0  2 ish . on a date to the movies . barely anyone else in theater . dude unzips his pants and exposes himself . makes sexual sounds .
i dreaded going to work sometimes because of men who would inappropriately comment and flirt with me . both customers and colleagues
jake has nothing to do with sexual violence against women . i don 't condone any harassment of her but she is hashtag jacking  /
. those people who don 't let others talk lack that respect for every individuals right to freedom of speech press religion .
so you learn to rationalize . i didn t even know if i should post a story mine isn t that serious . but the effects last .   /
normalize conversation about rape because i hope you can see from these statuses that this is the societal norm we silently endure .
sexual assault is disgustin & no one should walk in shame for what  s happened to us . let your voice be heard . i  m here to say
so glad to see pick up on the tag started by  -  - men : respond to with
i don 't understand why mother s ( women ) don 't give the right education to their sons ?
.  it is the whole class system which enabled male upper class healers to win out and which forced us into subservience . institutional sexism is sustained by a class system which supports male power .  -
power of social media . it  s only been available for a decade sets precedents for world and organization 
it is sad that it takes marches & protests to tell men to keep their dicks in their pants . 
if you don 't even have the balls to ask for you don 't deserve it and getting off on subversive sexual experience is the real pervert
brought  1  2 m reactions in just  hours & women globally have joined in . most notably france with (  expose your pig  ) .
i was sexually assaulted . the government put chemicals in my water and it turned me freaking day
to all the women sharing stories of sexual assault and sexual harassment you are not alone .
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward > >
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward  -
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward 
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward : 
trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward .
because breaking my   - year silence is one small step towards ensuring a safe environment for all women in
why are we so quick to cast people out of society in hollywood now but so slow to change gun laws ?
the entire movement needs more men stepping up and taking responsibility  - even a former pres is owning up to his own actions ! 
one time a man actually followed me into a store and wouldn t leave me alone . it was terrifying 
after the harvey weinstein scandal women at u . s . state houses are saying  - time 
my latest freelance story : thousands share their sexual harassment stories .  via
or with when men driving a minivan slowed and * opened the side door * because they had things so important to say at me ?
don 't forget the children who suffer .  out of every  sexual assaults in australia is perpetrated against a child !
yes lots of status in our lunch room today as we swapped stories of harassment and rape . 
the creepy way some men scan a woman  s body up and down like they  reply undressing them with their mind and then lick or bite their lips
please read our letter ; we spoke for ourselves and many women who couldn t come forward for fear of retaliation . 
is there anyone out there with a plan of action to prevent this ? surely we need to rethink how we turn boys into men .
never knew it s so big in india being a man i feel it s important that i should make it secure for all the women in circle .
me too . i was  the first time i was assaulted . i was  when an older male family member assaulted me in my own home  /
sex harassment charges hit silicon valley ; robert scoble says i feel ashamed
sex harassment charges hit silicon valley ; robert scoble says ' i feel ashamed '
sex harassment charges hit silicon valley ; robert scoble says i feel ashamed via
being screamed at by my father for quitting a good paying job at which i was continually being sexually harassed
if you know anything please help . or if not provide support . he s been hurting a long time as most victims do . you know
to those of you struggling because your social media is filled with statuses i feel you . you aren  t alone .
take women at their word that we swallow misogyny in it s full ugliness every single day .
thank you to all the brave women who talked to news 10 today about their experiences .
because : when a male teacher said inappropriate sexual things to me at age  i didn t bat an eye because of how normalized it was .
likewise every woman i know has been harassed assaulted or worse at some point in her lifetime .
/  country than anything else . develop our moral character to not stand for abuse so that every woman s last words need not be
the saga is pervasive in govt : sexual misconduct in california  s capitol is difficult to escape via 
to men who get offended when you flinch to the guys who send unwanted pictures to the first boy to make my breath stop in my throat :
f up is that those men catcalling and undressing girls women and all women with their eyes r not getting the message or don 't girlfriend
i love you jensen ! you  reply just amazing and i  m so proud to be your fan ! you  reply such a big role model for me !
every timeline everywhere is flooded with stories from so many corners of the world . it s hideous it s heartbreaking it s high time
change will start when women get our share of what men have always believed is theirs 
i was  years old . my uncle was the abuser . my mom stood up and believed me when i told her what he was doing . innocence lost .
my share . it broke my heart to see how many woman and men i knew say
i wish the posts were confessions of sexual predators rather than a collective voice of survivors .
it s a story playing out in real time . rape is about power & control .
being in gay clubs with lipstick lesbians ( friends ) . you need a real penis goede be u rt . do you want to touch my penis ?
alyssa milano promotes hashtag that becomes anti  - harassment rallying cry  via
to be clear i was not one of the victims in this story about mark halperin . i was another junior abc employee he attacked . 
all   right you   all . it s time to rant . the strong humans that have shared their stories through have made me think about my own (
alyssa milano inspires sexual assault victims to speak up with campaign
for all my survivors i got this highly recommended book about repair & recovery from sexual abuse . until i read this i seriously
no . it s care less & unkind to fault any victim . sexual harassment enacts shame fear & isolation .
i said no when my male boss sexually harassed me & was terminated . these are the choices women face  -  - when is enough fucking enough ?
hey women in music who are struggling this week because of or for any other reason at all . hit me up
a great pr discussion of the campaign by our digital pr podcast students on give it a listen . 
 we denial  of  normal  t need more hashtags . we need as comedian put it for to turn into  i believe you   
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted by men wrote me too . as a status we might .
if all the men / women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might .
kevin spacey is spotted at the meadows rehab clinic in arizona via this makes me sick . he is not a sex addict he is a sexual predator he needs to be arrested
are we finally  ready to believe the victims who accused of sexual misconduct ?
when thinking of the campaign i hadn t even begun to think about digital abuse yet  - this is scary stuff . 
no it is asking that perpetrators be investigated properly to brought to justice . these are strong women not some needy victims !
too many stories to recount . in & outside a professional env . before & after i was  . by people i trusted & by complete strangers .
get instant access how to make a full  - time income working part  - time from anywhere ==>
in this weeks paper :  - interview with first  - ever architect margaret carney  - propose increases to hours student worker minimum wage  - event hosted by women of cua  - catholics connection to literary legend w . b . yeats and more !
i was sexually harassed by my old boss at jeff george would touch me inappropriately on and off the floor in  .
apparently you don 't even have to be attractive to be sexually harassed . just being a woman suffices . ( learned this the hard way )
the advocate mag : the movement brought survivors stories out of silence . 
let  s change the culture for our daughters . this post is for all the good men & all the wounded women . 
almost raped  2 x harassed men tried to drug me  - thankfully i  have been a very smart girl  - and about to take up krav maga
and a powerful essay the torrent of stories show just how much time we spend dealing w this shit 
i was sexually harassed by a professor . instant  message probably lucky it didn t end differently . 
why don 't women come forward ? one name comes to mind : anita hill
if all the people especially women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a .
so the clinton  - flowers allegations should have been ignored because of their timing ? is that what you re saying ? you don 't think the timing of all these other allegations ( and isn t possibly related to moore ?
good challenge i have been in dilemma about comment on men stay silent because that s how were raised .
and yet many people refuse to acknowledge the magnitude of this problem . and still will after this hashtag stops trending . 
there is not a single women in my life including me that hasn t experienced being assaulted . why is this normal ? !
almost every woman that i have ever known has been sexually or violently assaulted at some point in her life . i am  . this is just unacceptable
you heard it get your family friends + neighbors registered to vote as soon as  possible ! mark your calendar now : vote dec12 
so many brave women and men sharing their stories . thank you for your strength . and
sexually harassed at work in new  york  city in the building where i lived etc
hurts to see so much but is important because it affects far too many people . including me too .
not sure i understand the logic that is just used by liberal women victim shaming is why these things go unreported .
these women had the courage to speak out for the first time . let s not let the power of silence reign anymore 
are we really going to sit here and pretend bill clinton isn t a sexual predator ?
jennifer y u have keep quite 4 such a long time if u concluded it was rape immediately seconds it happened .
   the first time i was  . the second a few years ago at a hollywood bar . a man i d just met bought me a drink
great piece by with insights from psychology & evolutionary behaviour on how the movement encourages to speak up : 
audio interview  - carrie fisher sent a cow tongue to a producer who had sexually assaulted her friend
there are still many women young or old who still tolerate abusive behavior from their loved ones why ?
hi jamie . were pulling together local reaction to at . got a second to chat ? instant  message at  .
on the street in an old job with friends  - as probably most women i know
why do you   all think centering the naming of men rather than the dismantling of the systems that silence victims isn t rape culture
a reminder for women who have been sexually assaulted and didn t share the you are just as important and brave .
on this a . m . joins us live for a discussion on the movement as more & more people come forward with their stories
campaign led victims of prominent theater director in to come forward . he has been forced out but his production still on
. i have several stories  2 tell from jobs through out my life . once i hid in the ladies bathroom of the building because i was terrified 
we said a year ago . now he s in the oval office . how many people have been victimized since we decided it wasn t time to listen ?
the next time a millennial tells you they don 't believe in anything ; don 't get mad because  gives them just cause .
yes men are and it carries lots of shame . i worked in san francisco for  + years and know male survivors there . 
so in light of all the when are we going   to hear from all the women trump grabbed by the pussy ?
so what   ever got seven weeks left but instant  message completely confident in declaring  the year of the asshole .
yes ! campaign before there is no need for us vs . them  - the mission is the same regardless ! empowerment through empathy
it  s physical & verbal assault from family school administrator coworkers .  & being told it  s your fault  dres
- but let s change the culture of placing burden on victims to speak up & instead as allies always always demand accountability
just now i did an interview with queensland country radio about this bullying harassment and discrimination happens everywhere ; an 
you are such an incredibly strong person and roll model to so many of us . thank you for sharing your story
men we need you to be leaders protectors providers lovers father s sons friends .  not perpetrators .
is there a single woman on earth who * hasn  t * been sexually assaulted ? i would be shocked to hear if there was even one .
the trend makes me uncomfortable because sexual assault and sexual harassment are two very different things .
want to be an ally for people who are marginalized harassed and oppressed ? consider these ways to start . 
to get promised resources out of in nearly  1  0 x as much time as it took for alyssa or to get a meeting or a graphic
so on a scale of one to fucked up how bad is it that i haven t posted anything for because instant  message still sorting through to pick one ?
after all was told yesterday that is a woman  s movement & that as a guy who has been when i was a kid it was inferred that i man up
because after years of abuse i had to fight off a  year  old man while holding a baby to escape . i was  .
between and instant  message starting to slowly lose faith in how much progress what   ever made and by slowly i mean quickly .
were so many fear  - based considerations the women in my life and i went through before we posted but he has none .
saying felt too hard this time . reading so many friends and people i love say felt too hard .
me too . not to mention laughed at  taking a stand making a scene & slapping a few across the face . it s not funny ; it s harassment .
not just women but children . as a child the biggest betrayal is that of a family member in your own home .
thank you anabella & darryl for having the courage to speak up . much of the dialogue weinstein said was used by my harasser 
in . just seeing how many stories have popped up from people using is scary . guys slow your roll . no means no . stop acting like
it  s not only  powerful  men . power is relative . this behavior is prevalent in american culture .
in the church . many women leaders have experienced sexual harass men from men who are church members .
does count if your accused isn  t rich and famous ? all stories need to be told
for all those brave people joining in on i believe you and i admire you . our voices will make a difference !
i didn  t report my sexual assault because i was afraid of what everyone would think and i was very young .
. says trump is giving women a feeling of urgency that they need to change things
thank you for stepping forward to protect others . there are so many of us & we will not be denied our right to build a safer world .
a doctor who examined her sister was sacked bcs he sent an add request on fb to her .  can t see any harassment in it .
- the power behind the hashtag part  is now online ! women in north central florida share their .
objectifying women is akin to victimizing them  - for that i apologize . we as men can do better . all women deserve our respect & honor .
hundreds join hollywood march against sexual abuse 
channel newsasia : hundreds join hollywood march against sexual abuse
hundreds join march in hollywood against sexual abuse
hundreds join march in hollywood against sexual abuse 
hundreds join hollywood march against sexual abuse
i know for a fact few come out of life unscathed . groping nudging brushing against . u . s . drank the kool aid & voted this stuff in .
your position of power doesn t give you the right to force a woman to assume an unwanted position .
it s telling that the ratio of engagement on my fb post that asked for men to examine their behavior is  :  women : men
this sick bastard dahvie vanity misusing the me too hashtag to silence all the women he  s abused . how fucking disgusting .
it would seem evident that the cover up campaign of my own sex abuse now includes high profile executives at
( part  ) boys learn how to treat women by witnessing how their father treats their mother
today is the  5 th anniversary of the juggle struggle . i guess it s as good a time as any to share my story .
i  have also been thinking about that question that s floated around for years about how come so many women are doing so well in school and they enter businesses or whatever but then don 't make it to the c  - suite . i wonder if with all this were dancing around the answer . 
okay now instant  message officially over the crap . it s a bunch of bull . nobody s seriously harassing fat chicks . 
the campaign has made me aware that damn near everyone has been sexually harassed an assaulted .
5 x a man has felt the need to expose themselves to me .  1 stop  that time i was  and at the library & once he walked into my apt penis out
i was feeling better until spacey . i hope it s not disrespectful to women survivors to start
when my assistant principal told me not to report my assault because the boy was a good kid & it would be on his permanent record .
solution to problems are in men changing . boys being taught better . bible : 
we do not need you to tell us we are brave . we need you to acknowledge that you perpetuate misogyny and commit to making a change
for decades in so many guises & way too numerous that instant  message ashamed 2 say that i don 't call it except for others but we should 4 ourselves . 
shakes up israeli television and film industry as victims of harassment speak out  - israel news 
what about how i can  t go for a run in public without being cat calle a parent  over  shoulder men hanging out of the window to yell at me .
the movement is happening everywhere and this alabama toy story woody cowboy politician thinks he should be serviced and served rather than what politicians should be doing to serve their voters . 
3 novices : but what should i say ?  tips to decide the campaign may have taken over your social media 
( cw ) i told my friends when i was  and they laughed . i told my doctor and he didn t tell my mom for months .
some of my male friends are getting schooled after being avalanche d by so that s cool . men who are willing to learn will do so .
when what   ever been sexually harassed intimidated and coerced our entire lives it can be hard to figure how and when to speak out .
ask the guys too : same story . because it  s the  evil people users abusers . always a story to be told . 
i was  on t in boss over  shoulder man sat next 2 me gave me creeps when i stood he grabbed my a * * i kicked him back  seats
hey and in case you missed it bill is a f** king  sexual abuser and you re still lying about it ! 
it time for the women who were sexually assaulted by trump to speak out ! let  s bring this orange misogynist down ! now !
i wonder if any of the men who sexually harassed us throughout our college and professional years are worried we  ll call them out any second now .
the power of though is that it takes something that women had long kept quiet about and transforms it in 
the power of though is that it takes something that women had long kept quiet about and transforms it .
teach your children to respect women & girls . a lot of us won t suffer of it .
no it  s campaigns so that all woman from those who faced explicit quid professional quo to those who get a  friend butt slap  are conflated .
i don 't know a woman out there that doesn t have at least one to share . i hope this hashtag makes that obvious how prevalent it is .
as the hashtag floods social media some stay awfully quiet : men
 confession shortly . i applaud all who ve spoken out . instant  message strong everywhere in my life except reporting this .
there is a campaign that is intended to help shed light on how big the problem of harassment and sexual .
let  s get a sense of scope : all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted write
jim seems to have forgotten [ or never knew ] was conceived by immaculate conception and was wrong then and now . underage girls should not have to have or be forced to have sex with men ever
i sold beer in a male dominated industry .  sexual harrassment was normal .  i got back at them by out selling them
since i  have already gone full morbid on twitter tonight why not . my first sexual experience was a rape . i was hospitalized . (
it s gone on for far too long . maureen o & risked it all to speak out about hollywood & sexual predators !  via
amid the movement here s a look at how many people are harassed at work  and how few report it .
defines sex harassment hostile work environment .  scotus decision says harass m nt violates civ rights act
in this week  s digital media brief : how the campaign and  shitty media men  list is changing media and tech .
i shared my story in hopes of helping others feel not so alone .  visit to read it .
something i wish every man in america understood is how much fear accompanies women throughout our lives  -
me too . i support all survivors . and i  m against every use of jokes that include the word  rape . 
women are sharing stories of sexual harassment . is latest . read them
wouldn t be surprised if steve king did this in response to the supportive reactions to you know put women back in their place
thank   you  sharing brother . your story empowers us w / strength hope and renews our commitment to the youth we serve .
what  the  fuck  - as the world reels from the irish gvmnt reneges on a second report that would help quantify & tackle sexual assault & rape
still marginalised . denial  of  normal  t justify and ignore what you see . everyone has dignity to be respected .
mil people have engaged in conversation in solidarity w victims of sexual assault & sexual harassment .
proud of those brave enough to share their traumatizing stories . so many women + men have been assaulted 
instant  message embarrassed & crying now . i  have been hesitant in saying anything but you ve given me strength to speak out . over  years i  have
if you know someone who is being sexually harassed at work or elsewhere here are some steps to help them
n & o  if you know someone who is being sexually harassed at work or elsewhere here are some steps to help them 
i was harassed by a man at work  - we flew to boston for a meeting and he had his room next to mine
i  ve been surrounded by men high fiving and laughing while discussing female coworkers  ratings in my own office .
i really think the men who would be surprised by the  campaign  wouldn  t be in any way affected by it .
did the children who alleged he was sexually inappropriate with them at the time have a chance to defend themselves ? 
because we still fight harassment when opening up on this tag . thanks john for showing there are still jerks in the world .
because when i was sexually assaulted i didn  t get the support that i deserved . and that needs the change .
zero doubt this is all going to get much much worse . it s about damn time
two men just had a conversation about and loudly spoke over me every time i the only woman in the room tried to chime in .
an outgoing woman at an event causes many men s disappointment because men think friendliness means it s time for sex .
mansplaining roy moore s criminal & perverse conduct by david hall marion county gop chair . who are these people ? she was  years old . 
we are on a weaker side so the society takes sexually assault for granted this time we aren t going   to let it proceed it has to stop now
i denial  of  normal  t know a woman who hasn  t been sexually assaulted whether mild or major . let that sink in !
are you kidding me ? this restaurants name plays off of a sexua harassment phrase i  have experienced a long with countless asian sisters . 
complaints this time were swiftly addressed and fortunately the dirty jokes stopped . ( i still work with these guys and .
we must change legislation . now let s help change the professional predator shit  outta  luck legislation that enables predators to thrive . 
i  have been followed out of bars by men i didn t know and had to run to find a cab several times in my life .
no we aren t and we haven t but our dominated congress has and will just like they ve ignored other dozens of women who ve accused of including his ex  - wife . 
what s wrong with you guys ? he only people who want or like to see your erect member is your partner or your prostitute . no one else . no one . at all . 
just play a long with him until he signs on . so he paws you a little . it ll be worth it . instant  message counting on you .
thanks for posting this buzzfeed video on your fb page . this is my assault story via
women shared the personal stories behind their posts to shed light on how broad can be
also about fear of something horrible happening whether or not it actually ha is very real and limits women in so many ways .
to the men pouting about the campaign being unfair to innocent men : if you consume porn you are personally part of the problem .
here it is : thank you for helping create a culture of safety for us to tell our stories . 
congress has hearings on about anything . why no calls to investigate widespread sexual a bus their page scandal ?
post to show your support of those posting let s show we are listening and want to end sexual harassment
of course instant  message a woman . i don 't know any women who don 't have a story .
if you want to vomit during your lunch hour read this article on brett ratner s behaviour in hollywood .
npr : rt jazz night : prompted by the movement a saxophonist shares her story of sexism in jazz from the cons  
instant  message not comfortable on fb for reasons but i had a breast reduction at  so one can infer what ages   -  were like .
instant  message not posting my wife s picture when she was  or the story she had before that .
isn t just for women . it s for anyone who has been abused assaulted raped . men and boys can be victims . but they are a minority .
i  m going   to keep in my prayers . i know you  reply dealing with a lot ; !
caller : instant  message noticing a lot of men are coming out and saying that can be scary she says .
maybe there is an application to help guys not sexually rape assault and harass women ? you could earn badges by not being a douche .
women are god s and we should treat them as such . us guys are just trying to learn and keep up .
thousands to march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue 
thousands march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue : 
thousands march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue | 
thousands to march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue . 
thousands to march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue
thousands march in la as sexual misconduct allegations continue 
i wish i had spoken up . i wonder who else he later objectified & intimidated with his creepy sexual office behavior ?
because we need to get loud and almost every single woman has had some experience with harassment .
i denial  of  normal  t have a problem opening up . i have a problem with the eating issues depression and anxiety i  ve suffered
it is simultaneously so comforting to know that instant  message not alone and so heartbreaking to know that so many others have felt this pain
made this reaction gif for attempts to minimize & s cop of please see save share and spread the
the advocate mag : an accuser of benny medina  the long time manager of jennifer lopez  has come forward .
. discusses on  it  s when we start turning stories into action that things change . 
ugh not only did suggest violence to he paid a settlement for sexually harassing a female employee .
now for something complete different from in the wake of harvey weinstein scandal women say
i want to delete my tweet but i won t i should not be ashamed . women : i love you believe you and am so proud of all of you .
instant  message so sorry to everyone else who is suffering or has suffered in the same way .
my experience killed every particle of love i had for advertising : one female creative shares her story of abuse
. talks to the ( until recently ) philly woman behind the campaign . it s probably not who you think . 
looking for a way to address in your class ? our research portal provides academic articles on campus assault .
can be empowering but it s not enough . nothing will change as long as only women r talking about this issue 
thousands share stories of sexual abuse with after weinstein allegations ( via
thousands share stories of sexual abuse with after weinstein allegations
1 stop  that assault : stopped in the alley next to my back door taking out my key . garbage collector grabbed fondled & kissed me .
call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral via
call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral 
thankful for your courage and boldness in sharing your story . it empowered me to share mine
the movement on twitte shows us just how powerful a hashtag can be in highlighting major issues .
the movement has been amazing awareness i created the movement & hashtag for all those who have survived any & all abuse !
this is going to leave a skid mark .  social media blunders : commercially appropriating hashtag trends 
however i am blessed to be surrounded by people who love me a family who supports me and a boyfriend who reminds me of my worth .
a trauma surgeons message to men : defend our daughters mother s sisters & nieces . if not us then who if not now then when !
reminder that not all assault survivors are going to tweet don 't force them to exhibit performative suffering to gain your sympathy
to everybody brave enough to say i will never doubt you and instant  message sorry for the ones who do .
hey you need to name names . how else will his constituents know what he is really like ? it is your duty .
i was  when i was raped . it was the first time i was told to shut up to not ruin someone else s career . it wasn t the last .
quite astounded by the number of stories that have appeared . any one of them is one too many . this systemic problem needs a solution .
watch : men and women in hollywood are sharing their stories with the hashtag
want to know how to create a better work environment ? read this !  
black women in d . c . i want to hear from you . do you have a experience that you  d be comfortable talking about for .
i can t speak for all women but i didn t tell my story because of trump . it was because a man groped me . 
the survival stories that powered  - harvey weinstein s predatory behavior has been described as an open .
. the campaign is changing everything as people go public with their stories
is another way we have to prove something  make an impact ? i guarantee everyone with a vagina has been sexually harassed .
one of the lesser things to happen to me from nice men but shows the cultural problem .
for my young kids . my hope is they never suffer the pain of a sexual predator attacking them .
thank you for the awareness is amazing but what about women who came out before only to receive silence ? 
it s time we as a people made a stand against the sick sadistic homosexual  - erotica that people equate with pedophilia . name names now !
 there is no doubt that having an accused sexual predator in the white house is hanging over this 
i can write about the abuse but think about those women who needs a medium to talk about what they went through yet they don 't have any .
i was  . i deserved that ? people still denial  of  normal  t believe me . i  m  . this shouldn  t be something i still have to fight with people about .
there needs to be another me too campaign only this time for every person of color who has experienced racism 
this finding is one of the reasons is tip of the iceberg . good to see hashtag . 
sexual harassment in academia is not much debated issue in danish academia . i often wonder what the debate sounds like in the nordic countries ? the weinstein s of academia can no longer be tolerated 
instant  message and i know that women are to be believed when they share their stories of .
the number of tags posted by women i love and respect has me dismayed furious and wondering how i can do more to help stop it .
your social media feeds is filled with so is mine . can you feel the power of this 
forever grateful to have this woman as a role model both in caree goals but also in strength and resistance . & thank you . 
miss marian i think the me too helps to make a point that many men deny . hopefully by doing this the next step would be what can i do
if i d to say every time i encountered sexual harass men i d have lost count . but it was defo  x for sexual assaults .
let s respect all other living beings and accept their existence . say no to any kind of harassment as many are standing for it
this might be a good read for you | instant  message the reason women are posting 
from precinct committee men to  leadership  ds must clean house of sexist & predatory behavior
the social movement has reminded me how much we don 't see or hear . my heart breaks for those who have been so impacted .
america ferrera revealed she was sexually assaulted at  years old let s break the silence .
instant  message not interested in commercializing my trauma  my history my voice  by using and some who are using it are lying . 
instant  message not interested in commercializing my trauma  my history my voice  by using and some who are using it are lying .
me too . being assaulted made me feel small crazy and helpless . thank god for my girlfriends who supported me through it .
a real social network great read by about her reaction to the campaign 
dear most men of america go ahead and just all turn yourselves in okay ?
retweeted mark harris ( i hope many of you will take some time to read some responses .
pretty remarkable . twitter is often terrible and a venue for gender  - based harassment but hats off to and all brave 
yes and i denial  of  normal  t want to talk about it . this hashtag is already giving me enough anxiety in the midst of a stressful academic term !
my dr . at the va asked was i sexually assaulted while in the army . i said duh and followed with and it s none of your good business
we need & girls empowered to speak with their rights and bodies respected . 
it happened  times with  different men . i don 't understand how or why but they still called me a slut .
the full and free participation of women in society politics and the workplace is essential  - our ed on
me too . if all of us who have been sexually harass e write this we might know the magnitude of the problem . cop
shared on facebook to speak out . only comment is from a guy  -  men too .  mere existence is exhausting for a woman .
in response to the campaign these azerbaij men are working to end gender based violence
she kind of scoffed at it until she remembered her time in college working at a gym downtown . yeah she has a story as well
i was hesitant about saying because i know that what i  have experienced isn t as bad as other women but still all the little things
lots of men are gender  - equality allies in private . why not in public ?  via
thank you to everyone who spoke up and added their voices by sharing their stories . 
campaign isn  t to raise awareness for women we all have been there or know someone but let  s raises awareness for our male allies . 
my wife is part of the social media campaign says sen . were talking to him now :
i was sexually assaulted exactly  years ago & not a day goes by that it doesn  t affect me .
: so that we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . yet somehow it still seems to large to grasp .
for the record the former dean of students at as an undergrad . the stories are the same ; the effects long lasting .
powerful feminists from ontario coalition of rape crisis centres in solidarity with all survivors whether or not u can share
my babysitter when i was  was a female and she violated me .  my pediatrician dr choo squeezed my butt telling me instant  message getting thick
men being silent doesn  t help . and saying something supportive doesn  t fix the problem . i can grant you that .  /
in a conversation today someone was really defensive about and i assumed that the subject of hadn t happened to them
reporter shares her story & invites others to share theirs to keep conversation going
age  . followed by men while running alone in the mornings to the extent that i exclusively ran in the desert far from roads .
.  raped once assaulted more times than i can count and on every level leading up to rape
sen rand has  broken ribs from assault by neighbor while mowing lawn  -  - and press says minor ? why the cover up ? a matter ?
so proud of the women who are coming forward to shed light on their stories but my heart aches for each and every one of u .
a step in the r direction & a well  - crafted pr statement but i don 't know ; something doesn t feel right . x4 & not by u
a step in the r direction & a well  - crafted pr statement but i don 't know ; something doesn t feel right . x4 & not by u 
news watch reporter tells you more about the campaign flooding social media .
it isn t all physical when you talk about harassment . if you have a comment or a different idea your opinion is negated u r devalued
online dating in a post harvey weinstein world . let the movement begin .
when i was sexually harassed and then fired from my job and threatened by the man folks wouldn t hire me because of it .
i don 't know if egyptians are actually allowed into the thingy cause it s gotten too common that i almost thought it was normal .
seeing guys post statuses but like dude we know who you really are .
a powerful poignant post about men s role in the movement went viral .
a powerful poignant post about men s role in the movement went viral . 
so my usa govt . & congress have made another rape factory like & ? what the crap is this ? why ? did you know that ? & i vote !  groper s & rapists . 
because people i considered my closest friends said  well i heard you were flirting with him  and  that  s fucked up but not a huge deal 
i accepted it . i didn t love myself enough to know it was wrong . i pray for my daughter every night .
i have endured many instances in my life that have ranged from rape  small unapologetic accidental touches . year we scared  speak
also men with experiences is less common . but having one or many stories is just part of being a woman .
- time to take a close look at keeping workplaces free zones . via
i know more women who have been sexually assaulted or harassed in some way than women who haven t . epidemic .
stayed in the south ? !  homework isn t a southerner !  neither is woody allen or any of the dudes in the news ! why are you slamming southern gents ? you people are truly clueless
so i don 't really get into the hashtags and such but some of us  - me included  - feel the need to stop being quiet about this .
i  have spent years healing and recovering . it gets better . instant  message in a loving healthy relationship and have coping mechanisms
i was talking with my boyfriend about how i didn t feel like i should use because i couldn t pick out a specific time i felt harassed .
bravo to the talented and beautiful having the courage to speak out and share her story ! 
the plm with asking women to say via list one tangible action you will take to end rape culture  
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give .
( sigh ) i  ve started journaling again . this is how i know there is turmoil . this is my sign that there are things i need to say that haven  t found their place yet .
my colleagues were amazing men friends father s  but they didn  t grasp at first how unnerving and awful something like that can be .
pleased about wisdom of fed prosecutors in handling the plea deal w / long time abuser dr . nassar allowing all victims to begin healing
me too . suggested by a friend : if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status
i keep thinking about what would look like if it wasn  t a roll call of people who  ve experienced sexual .
men you matter every damn bit too . we live in a rape culture . all of us .  in  .
there are a whole lot of women who d like to question their boss the way i got to this week .  - 
was told it was my fault . thought saying no repeatedly was some sort of magic phrase . it wasn t .
hollywood march joined by hundreds in protest against abuse
rt we asked experts how the movement can help sexual assault victims
i think everyone should acknowledge ms and her work . she created  - let s all donate to this organization . 
now let s see the help remedy our problem with the current political leadership . we seem to have gotten stuck with him even though
next time you feel the need to tell us to just report it remember that most of the time it doesn t do any good
i turned down interviews with  and gloria because i did not want to be the face of rape . the trial was difficult . no support .
worth a read as a human .  irrespective of gender . what decent men can do in response to
i hadn t sexually assaulted anyone . why haven t the police arrested this piece of shit & why is he still allowed to be there ?
i would find it hard to believe that there are any women who haven  t been sexually harassed at some point .
i denial  of  normal  t have the energy to explain my full story but i didn  t know i was assaulted until years later
another unsurprising moment one of you twats have decided to take the me too campaign & sully the meaning . someone looking at you is not s . a .
many people are now taking a mental walk of shame . is integrity so dead that we cannot speak to prevent more of the same ? 
. i don 't know if you were disciple of lying ted or me too jeb but that doesn t matter neither could have won the election in  . so stop holding the rest of us back by undermining a winning candidate
and if you knew him in person you d know he is the exact opposite . as someone who posted ( for several assaults not just harassment )
you ve degrees in things i don 't even know what they are she said eventually : if it s an apology you re lookin for instant  message sorry okay ?
sexual abuse started so young & was such a common occurance that i thought it was normal
benefits and drawbacks of .  social media gives all people the power to have their story heard but what are they sacrificing ? 
why the silence on story ? has not landed at the trump white house . why ? grabber  - in  - chief isn  t busy .  time on
men & boys go through it too ; google all the female teachers who have preyed up on male students .
 i denial  of  normal  t want to sit on your lap  she thought . but she alleges mark halperin insisted . .
the number of people who  ve experienced sexual violence isn  t what shocks me it  s the commitment as a culture to maintaining power
a reply of deep empathy to all people is . please rt extensively . people need it !
if you  ve been the victim of rape abuse or sexual harassment please tweet this .
thank you for providing the inspiration for me to finally tell my story ! i watch daily from the uk . 
it s really important women girls your sister mother aunt grandmother niece friend minds themselves around disclosure
. alyssa _ milano who started movement :  testament to how powerful women can be when we do stand together  
and instant  message raising a beautiful blonde haired little boy that proves it . 
if all the women who have been or wrote it we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
me too . stalked in college and lived for over a year in fear .  no one should have to deal with that level of harassment .
thank you karen . her molestation was unknown to me until after her death in  . the movement is helping me process it . your honesty helps as well .
before you jump on the  sexually harassed bandwagon please read this article . 
let  s shift the shame and blame where it belongs : those who assault those who harass those who enable with their silent complicity .
it was heartbreaking to see all the posts in my feed . you know what it wasn  t ? surprising . thanks for .
she told you when she meekly said the rape joke wasn  t funny . when she knew exactly where on the sidewalk to avoid . she told you .
with all due respect the faith & message doesn  t stand up for vulnerable wome it does the opposite .  cc :
i  ve got a particularly ugly story as well . these horrors have stirred up some nasty repressed emotions . seeing doc about medicine change this week .
fell asleep on a commuter after work woke up  a nightmare . in shock frozen . was going  tell conductor but ran out as i arrived
do make this world a better and safe place for women . change of mindset is needed
retweet no need to explain . proud to say i was encouraged by one of sons to share
appears that instant  message blessed to have worked with respectful colleagues . during my corporate career not always the case with clients .
whether  or  no one has ever asked for it . until people can stop blaming the victims the predators can get away w / it .
these posts are your proof there  s a problem . time to hear more about how you  reply helping us solve this .
on top of the implied threats the secrecy there is also the lack of vocabulary to even describe what happened ; esp when one is young . those who abuse are scum . 
if all the women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too . there might be a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
told someone when it happened and got a buck up and take it soldier your in a man s army now
so little response so far from powerful men of uk theatre to  - this article nails why & what we should do 
at     groped harassed assaulted stalked ; in a pool on a train in a library in an apartment building ;  countries
opinion : what decent men can do after  - on sunday the internet was suddenly flooded with as wom .
watching elizabeth warren tell her story will ruin your week  via
watching elizabeth warren tell her story will ruin your week
might as well rip my heart out my chest and expose it to the world one more time as a woman . perpetrators : it s your turn .
( teacher  watching : rape ) thank you for being vulnerable . thank you for sharing your truth .
thank you for founding  years ago . we stand with with every survivor of sexual assault . you are not alone .
i d be shocked if nearly every woman didn t have a story . it s a despicable part of life we shouldn t have to shrug at as a given .
- this is waking up men . & others are being exposed  - whole point is to wake up advocate & create change
no means no . i chose to talk openly on subjects like this with my daughter & pray she never has to have a story .
self  - reflection men and boys .  was it a compliment or creepy ? when she said no did you ignore her ? were you caught in the moment ?
on researcher discusses the media s coverage of recent terror attacks hurricanes & floods and the campaign using analysis from media cloud
i have typed deleted and retyped those words several times tonight . i know instant  message still not over it . i know instant  message still scared .
the attacks happened during a time i was grieving . i had lost kevin to suicide a few months before .
me too . if all the women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted posted  me too  we might grasp the magnitude of the problem .
i really hope this happens . i remember the amount of catcall in harassment in france being unreal when i studied abroad there . 
this . true and maddening at the same time . as a woman i have lived my life wondering what i  did wrong .
 why denial  of  normal  t you report ?   no one believes us  world erupts with stories of harassment  let  s not make this into a global pandemic  
as we talk about halperin and weinstein we have to continue to speak up on trump . thank you .
i  have never personally been sexually harassed or assaulted but far too many have . standing with everyone who has to say
make content go read our lab students article on influencers role in the movement :
.  when you re made to feel badly that you don 't reciprocate feelings for someone . guilted . shamed . made fun of . harassed . not okay .
too many women and some men have been harassed and assaulted for too long it happened to me in college
either scenario makes you a penis . so men enough with your hurt little egos and how this makes you feel uncomfortable and step up .
former teen actor claims he was sexually assaulted by hollywood agent
agreed ! equal rights for woman should be a given not a right to won in government
retweeted jesse ward ( the fact that is trending shows the strength of women . it s hard for .
thread something big is happening . women are talking . are you listening ?
celebs who ve spoken openly about being sexually assaulted before started trending :  
proud of you girl ! stood up to  local celeb  pervert predator & called him out before was cool .
even at the climate negotiations . kudos to my friend for sharing this story and getting us talking as starts 
rt meetthepress : watch : reached out to every female u . s . senator asking if any had stories they were  
- i think most women and indeed men have been at some point sexually and mentally harassed by someone .
i wrote a column for about how it s been to see the develop while being a swedish man in patriarchal a country that also in some regards paradoxically holds itself in ways that even doesn t .
things i wish i could tell myself  years ago after i was sexually assaulted :  . you are worthy  . you have value
it s uncomfortable for progressives to think about bill clinton in the context of because we know we have brushed aside the accusations too easily . 
people . homosexual pedophilia is a huge problem bigger than in holywood . this needs serious attention !
reading the tag don 't think there s a woman alive who hasn t been subjected to it in some form . all the for those that suffer
this hurts . today . discovering you ve known someone your whole life but neither of you voiced your story . did it feel pointless ?
thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse 
thousands join hollywood march against sexual abuse
thousands join hollywood march against sexual abuse 
reuters : thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse  
thousands + to join hollywood march against sexual abuse
reuters : thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse
channel newsasia : thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse
thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse  via
thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse
too . if all the women who have been sexually assaulted wrote me too . we might sense the magnitude of the problem .
too if all the women who have been sexually assaulted wrote me too . we might sense the magnitude of the problem .
it was about power intimidation and control . it was insidious . and as a woman trying desperately to keep her job it was torture .
thank you for your testimony on sex assault . you are definitely stronger & a true survivor !
our own & sarah d or rel ritter will participate as panelists in today s this matters forum the topic will be the campaign . join us !
i believe you . it s not your fault . feeling empowered by all those who are sharing their stories . yep
movement stems from impunity and culture of silence senior un official writes
i hate to break it to you   all but there is not a single woman on this planet who has not been sexually harassed or assaulted .
george take i : kevin spacey allegations are about abuse of power not sexuality
indeed a scandal but please know it happens to millions of women in low profile settings too that s a bigger scandal 
you never know who you will encourage when you tell your own story . case in point  - look at the .
reuters : sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations  
sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations  isaiah  :
sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations  - 
sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations
reuters : sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations
reuters : sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations 
- sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations
sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations 
looking for any gop / conservative woman on the hashtag . unfortunately i haven t found a single one . anyone ?
to be fair she noted that critique also noted it s power as gesture of survival . hate to think reader might only get half her point .
violence & harassment were so much a part of my early sexual experiences i thought they were what sex was . i had no other context . 
usually on public transport . prague metro . budapest trams . instant  message one of the lucky ones and those moments are still etched in my brain .
powerful men will find that they won t be able to get away with this & they will pay for it . 
trump couldn  t have asked for a better environment to have his pee tape revisit . who started the  me too  campaign ? coincidence ?
these actresses chose that life continue  choose it after they were exploited not  1 x not  2 x but many times & now & want sympathy ?
i hate when people say you should have told someone or go to cops no one believes it . oh he wouldn t do that . he so upstanding !
i  m in awe of every single brave woman sharing her own story of sexual harass men keep sharing . never stop sharing . i won  t .
dear men you can t protect your sister you can stop making excuses for yourself & your brother
i was sexually assaulted at the first summer camp i went to . no one seemed to care . one of the many reasons i hate that camp .
the magnitude of posts is heart wrenching ; if it was other way round men as species would ve disappeared due to the emotional toll
instant  message not sure that anyone who can t legitimately post has earned the right to critique the project .  why can t we just listen ?
i  have seen decent moral people look the other way because they didn t want to be targets of retaliation . and i don 't blame them .
/ there s nothing that tweeting would do to the men who groped forcibly kissed and cat called me .
truly terrifying outlook page from time to evict this evil from seats of power starting with
telling most members about an assault including ( apparently ) the use of would t rgr an official invest . thus loss of rp rt ng option
sadly it s not really whether you have a story it s just a matter of how horrifying said story is and if you re willing to share it .
and if you want to make sure you have not sexually harassed someone here are some examples that forced people to say
i found out a member of a m morp group instant  message in coerced his sister to undergo procedure . us members support him .
must read : how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement 
before you ask what i was wearing know that i was  years old . so let  s assume mommy didn  t dress me provocatively
why are five letters so powerful ? read more about how  tweet has sparked a social media movement below ! 
m  .  could it b the movement that inspired her  years later like many others to finally speak out ? instant  message glad u did don 't b intimidated
oh you know and i are just crying listening to and talking about thank you for the beautiful album
listening to my mother tell me her horrific story crushed me but it explains her careful demeanor and protection of her kids
when i talked to people they told me he didn  t mean anything by it . i tried to meet him present but it didn  t deter him . (
super important video ! just want to flag that created movement  years ago .
did irish td push ups for the first time in my life with a group of ladies .  and promptly got spanked by rando dude in my section
oh my goodness !  so many broken people yet courageous empowered & survivors .  million people & counting in movement 
when i was a freshman in college i was sexually assaulted . it took me a few hours to report it but i did .
she screamed & slammed the door shut . she called him a pervert & called the police . he then kicked a dent in the side of the new taxi . 
this ! thinking it is time for a collection of stories .  students residents staff & faculty  -  - time to break the silence . 
do you think i can call in to work tomorrow though because .  instant  message tired .
movement grows as more accusers make claims against celebrities politicians reports
movement grows as more accusers make claims against celebrities politicians . reports
four friends debate facing and protesting sexually abusive behaviour anju masker i sunday midday  
can big national media houses take pledge saying they will not promote hero  - barbie doll movies
i don 't understand when people do these things like ( i just want to be left alone ) fine haha
instant  message outspoken in most things but instant  message quiet about this even a decade later . so moved by the grace of the today .
these stories are heart breaking . the strength and resilience of women is phenomenal . phenomenal women you are . how can men help ?
you  reply apart of because you know exactly what goes on behind the scenes and the & assault face . 
-  - men are not taught right as children . home and school se education is deficient . 
my stories aren t that dramatic . boiler plate street harrassment the occasionally overly friendly friend who stopped before a
men the sidelines are not the right side of history . hear us . believe us . fight with and beside us .
dear victim blamers : harass men is shameful . power dynamic can be a huge factor . it s isolating . this is why is so important .
 wow . expect better from than the when does flirting go too fa lines angle reply : the me too hashtag
also you   all . sexual harassment doesn t have to be sexual assault  . any kind of harassment based on gen de is wrong .
& breaking take back the workplace me too marches storm hollywood 
the hashtag got my attention . i hope this platform frees a lot of people
hate people doing so . hope for dignity and beg for the victims . love from norway 
i never had the courage to speak about the abuse before because i never accepted the fact that it happened . i was  . neighbour .
and behind every are countless men who think it s okay to blow it off discredit it look the other way . 
my experiences : at  i was almost lured into a car by a man who when i got close enough to see sat masturbating . i didn t .
i  m about to twitter rant so i  m sorry if you didn  t want to hear about sexual assault today .  let us begin .
just cut  - off a discussion about the movement to switch a trump briefing that definitely did not need to be shown live . hmm .
wanted to share this on here as well .  my story . you are not a burden . you are not alone . you are a child of the father .
first time i was  years old then      - sexual assault and work place sexual harassment .
the courage for women to speak out has to come on it s own . everyone sharing their story for should be proud of themselves .
has anyone else been reply  - traumatize to feel guilty again after their post of someone else s reaction to it ? sigh .
if you are in need of support safety or legal help because of the abuse you ve experienced were here for you    -
thank you for updating i appreciate it . story moved fast ! creds too to tara na burke for hash 
sexual harassment abuse and rape are not issues limited by gender identity or sexual orientation . speak out .
thoughts on consent pr  ; guest starring girl sex  1  0  1 s allison moon ! sex and relationship advice for .
women should call out those women who lie about men : because that shatters any sense of truth & justice .
just announced || madison thursday   -  madison : voices in a crowd a community showcase of local stories and performances  tickets to benefit the dane county rcc :
thank   you for talking how the justice initiative can help create lasting change
 hollywood march takes a stand against sexual abuse
this is a must listen podcast and about the movement student athletes and what needs to be done to make abuse stop . 
i  ve been waiting for this ever since monica lewinsky posted i think it  s time to have this conversation .  
i  ve been sexually assaulted multiple times in my life . none of them have faced punishment because no one believed me .
/ i couldn t post anything other than on facebook i didn t want to include an explanation but i think i ll work to share here .
i d lay odds nearly all woman have at least once been sexually assaulted or harassed . nearly every woman one knows is saying
watch : shares her own story reveals she was sexually assaulted as young congressional aide .
i can relate to every single one of these incidents . thank you for sharing your art and experiences . 
for every woman who says there are thousands who cannot speak out because they could be fired or slut  - shamed or not believed
no idea how i messed it up other than instant  message rather emotional re telling it . even now . when i can i ll try and fix it . apologies .
expert on movement : response overwhelming but just a first step in long process
i like instead of because a ) i don 't owe anyone my story & b ) the guys in my case need to take the responsibility for their
naming & shaming can be okay if the deed is a proven fact but we know have a of just pointing fingers & suddenly guilty without any conviction .
it takes a lot of courage to come out and speak up against sexual violence .
silenced no more grab a shirt and we  ll make a donation to rainn ( rape abuse and incest national network ) .
while taking a work group photo hand on my behind . no one could see we were all lined up . had  endure it . seemed like eternity .
if you are able to say please know that there are resources available to you on campus . more info :
moves from social media to the streets with march in hollywood on sunday .
moves from social media to the streets with march in hollywood on sunday 
moves from social media to the streets with march in hollywood on sunday
didn t get to finances but had a great talk about the culture of sexual harassment in springfield on today s 
men look around you . most of the women in your life have been sexually assaulted or harassed .
* female accusers feel forgotten . a lawsuit may change that .  - the new york times 
it s time for every woman who worked for who was demean e harassed or sexually assaulted by executives & other men !
poll :  of employed women say they have been sexually harassed at work . we as a society need to do better . 
i just want   to point out was a movement and organization started by my mother about ten years ago
to all posting i hear you i see you i believe you and i will work to improve and our network of ke hill ot .
wow is that how broken white society is ? trump s a symptom .  campaign has brought out those rightly pointing to broken social mores 
men are also breaking the silence ; everyone deserves to have their voice heard .
i got a lot of death and rape threats afterward and still do . this is the real problem .
alyssa milano advocates for to go beyond just a hashtag movement
interesting to see the fox news lovers and trump voters who bash people accused in
i can live my life without fear and without feeling something is wrong with me .  - women
teacher  watching : rape . the most devastating piece i have ever read about academia & relentless horrific rape . 
in support of all who stand beside me and those who feel alone . look up sweet hearts and take faith .
campaign is a good start but we need more to stop sexual harassment and abuse
i think the was what many needed to see the extent of the problems . it  s very saddening and heart breaking to see so many affected
unwanted advances . in golf . a story that s all too familiar  - >  - right there on my home course ! 
i  have cried with friends shared my own stories and seen the testimony of so many strangers all day because
was surprised to see someone i know of who is very unethical rt a link until i read this . 
the number of hashtags instant  message seeing on my feed makes me so upset .
at my sports team  s  1 stop  that party a men  s player pointed & yelled :  i  ve got dibs on f***ing  her tonight !  again a friend stepped in
why should a charity return money ? oh i get it you re worried weinstein needs it for his defense fund . thoughtful of you .
retweeted wes ( the tweets have hit me in a place that  s shows where i and many men need to .
forever being conscious about how you dress at all times since childhood . you don 't want guys thinking you want it .
child teenager new job . we need  address redefine what it means  be masculine a man .
to all the women posting : i hear you and see you . thank you for your courage to speak out .
i was sexually harassed by my job supervisor for over a year . after his divorce his wife told me there were  no hard feelings  .
this is bravery in action . thank you for making space for all of us to tell our stories ! 
our photographer says the movement has moved him . click the link to read his web log .
it s important that we learn to stand up for women & their bodies . please educate yourself & learn through the hashtag .
keith urban  s new song was written in response to the allegations & the movement . he  s playing it at the right now .
step down move out the way and let survivors determine their own solutions to the problem . that s being an ally .
can t be said enough  - solidarity of survivors collective support and ownership of our stories are so important . and let s not forget
or so . i take a course at the san antonio rape crisis center and begin an internship to learn more . i become a rape advocate .
the state colluded . i did speak up . i did speak out . i was silenced . as a frightened teenager i was told to forgive & forget
i was  a freshman in high school . we were on a school field trip to the zoo . i was touched by another boy .
talking briefly about in this portland erotic ball recap video  log . instant  message going   to lose so many subscr 
college while studying abroad . led me to binge drink to stop flashbacks and panic attacks . but does knowing our story even matter ?
telling my story wasn t scary the responses to it were .  whew . hit that link to read 
if i am following the story of the az state house accurately  - we  ve entered the  victim blaming  portion of our program . 
starting when i was  . people knew and could have stopped it . they didn t . we all need to stop looking the other way .
we don 't need a facebook post to tell us sexual harassment is a problem .
something i  ve been thinking about alongside why do we still treat violent and homophobic abuse of lgbt youth as typical  bullying  ?
she was starved raped enslaved held in a cellar . kidnapped at  on her way to school . there are people who claim she wanted it .
the next morning there was an envelope on my desk with  cash . a bonus he called it . this well  - to  - do man fired me about one month later when i refused to comply again . refused unemployment . i lost my apartment and moved back home . broken . never told anyone until now .
we have where i live . that is disgusting  know . will have to get the word out . no to bill o reilly !  
is important to you ? i  d love to hear your thoughts . if interested in sharing me or email
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . stand up to show just how many
i  have been raped . twice . the  1 stop  that is in a thanks prison . the  2 and  - i have no idea . i still think prisoners need humane treatment .
you need to correct this ; the first person who assaulted me was female . step up and make this right .
i was vulnerable . i had been through a rough time and needed a friend . i just couldn t handle rejection so he took advantage . (
learning it will be normal to be harassed or worse and how to reduce the risk should not have to be a part of growing up .
more on the matter  - creator of the campaign takes time out for a teaching moment .
legal issue ? and workplace harassment : a letter to my daughter call
hey girl are you feeling triggered ? instant  message not like those guys . 
bravo  -  - > > feminist attacks on taylor swift reveal something very ugly about the movement 
agreed let s not forget the young males that have been abused and harassed as well . a good resource 
lots of guys on my fb feed asking what about the men in regards to  - how have you been responding ?
/ the opportunity to have real impact & improve the world by building the platform for social movements like and
stories prompt action . after and watch  for pgh plan to fight sex crimes .
 threatened to rape me to death  : dana loesch shares some of the vile threats she  s received to the hashtag 
 threatened to rape me to death  : shares some of the vile threats she  s received to the hashtag 
they wrote back to say that because i hadn t walked in on abuse happening they weren t going to investigate .
restaurant hostess while mapping the floor plan  5  0 year  old exec chef reached up my dress pretending to take a call
do you think that put the accusers of up not only to take down pick but to also smear because so many are falling ? me too is very dangerous to what are your thoughts ?
make sure to catch cast your vote tonight as the crew discusses with  - a student who shared her story
as an adult woman i slept with a night light for  years after my gang  - rape . darkness gave me panic attacks . 
i just really can t handle it when dobby dies . what a pure and good heart . layering this with the stories .  tears for days
heart wrenching and brave breanna stewart reveals her story knowing her reveal will reach many 
so yeah . this isn t even the tip of the glacier of my experiences and instant  message one of the lucky ones .
instant  message  even though i look sixteen hahahaha . instant  message definitely a the world is fucking crazy .
these posts are horrifying . any man who stands by and does nothing when these incidents happen are assholes and cowards .
is this supposed to help because now i feel stressed . i literally never think about those events anymore .
there s stories i hear about a star manager in beverly hills .  he took his  year old son to the bunny ranch in nevada for s  -  - .
absolutely stunning to see the campaign . a feed flooded with only gives strength to say 
i was sexually assaulted by a friend  years ago . i turned him in the next day he did time .
the heart expands with this . please men everywhere follow this example : honesty accountability grace awareness respect . 
the first time i was  and the second time i was  . now i  m  and i realize how strong i am . those things denial  of  normal  t define me .
me must do better as a society to respect support & inspire one another . the women coming forward is staggering . 
fact to keep sharing from via : sexual abuse is more about power than sex
by not naming names  - you  reply covering for assaulter s . what about potential new victims ? 
so excited to be helping with the next installment of their signature event true life : instant  message a survivor ! tuesday (  in msc  2  3  0  0 a at  !
the only posts i want to see are those written by the perpetrators who acknowledge their injurious acts
we also recognize many folks denial  of  normal  t want to an can  t say we see you and stand with you as well 
for many years i avoided strenuous exercise a pounding heart took me back to my life in fear of imminent sexual abuse . i was  .
the i cines s behind the heart of the movement  - cites work by on changes to the brain as it ages in this article
is a huge  - scale version of the reactions i  have received when telling people about mine .
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of 
we all deserve to have our personal space respected . it  s sad that pedophiles aren  t punished more harshly . my story is my own
pr news : week  of spacey and halperin s contrasting apologies get added to the stack
i really think i was an asshole not seeing the signs  - why j was a single parent
simple answer : they wouldn t . it takes great bravery to tell these stories at all . 
multiple assaults . countless harassment incidents . tired of being afraid .
so proud to see all these posts . we shouldn t be comparing whose story is worse but we should be talking about how to end assault .
hear report on the campaign ? learn about the effects of the hashtag across the country .
with hopes that my daughter  s generation won  t have to face this alone or in fear . thank you
if all the women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might demonstrate the magnitude of the problem .
.  denial  of  normal  t feel sorry for me ; hold yourselves & the people around you accountable .
my books will reward relationships founded on mutual respect . if that  s not where my couple start out it is where they will end up . the most rakish of my heroes will need to face the emptiness in their souls where intimacy should be  jude knight
3 novices : watch the campaign spread around the world on facebook twitter and instagram the campaig 
when i was just starting too go into the work force my first supervisor was a self acclaimed woman s man .
there is almost never any proof of rape no evidence . by definition it is usually a hidden action without witnesses . we must believe the victim .
the instant it happened not years and millions of $ $ movies houses later say something ! they have no self worth respect !
so sorry . it happens to smart unsuspecting people . sometimes twice in our life .
the woman behind knew the power of the phrase when she created it   years ago 
the woman behind knew the power of the phrase when she created it   years ago
the woman behind  me too  knew the power of the phrase when she created it   years ago
the woman behind  me too  knew the power of the phrase when she created it   years ago .
while i empathize with all making statements i want to apologize for those times i  have maintained rape culture & male supremacy .
because the last time it caused deep irreversible trauma was in my first year of college by an older cousin .
this person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble responses to my story . he thinks he s smart . 
a few guys on their way out anyway offered up some new hour hires  months from now were finding a new hashtag for 
all the posts have really dredged up some shit i had either forgotten or just not thought about for a long time .
 .  and as the dawn began to break they let her go .  the woman came and fell down at the door .  until it was light .  (
national public radio ( npr ) airing informative show about campaign . listen in .
no one should be ashamed of being attacked because it  s a criminal act . we stand together we speak out together & win
pr news :  days later movement expands well beyond entertainment industry
in a wave of collective solidarity there needs to be an understanding that some people have suffered too much . on
too many incidents . lots of shame at the time . but still i rise . now to dump this prez who thinks it  s okay .
i experienced several incidents over the years including being raped at  . instant  message successful now but life was never the same .
i support and believe in the women strong and brave enough to share their stories . i am with you .
check out choosing to see hear speak no evil is a cruel easy choice . 
so far today i  have seen the hashtag used for public  display of  affection and bosses who steal ideas  - clouding the many legitimate uses of the puhleeze people .
instant  message sharing my story in the hope that others in congress do the same .  it s time for 
sad but true i need someone from unl that tweeted . i know you are out there .  you don 't have to be named
credit where it s due the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago  via
the & campaigns need to lead to real action now says sen . they can t just be water cooler discussions .
i once had a boyfriend ( before i knew i was a lesbian ) who told me i didn t need to study for finals because i was stupid anyway so
men will never understand what it feels like to be afraid for your life simply because of your gender .
the hashtag is very powerful but whether you choose to participate or not coming into contact with it may be anxiety  - producing . so  -
who knew the of movement would so successfully rock so many boats and burst open the closets of suffering submission and silence ! we shall not be moved . 
what campaign means for russian film industry and female actresses among others . shocking ! 
cw : harassment rape culture thank you for your bravery and your fierce support of survivors 
the hashtag set out to disrupt how our current society works . social media has been 
& is the social media meme of the moment . in a   - hour period the phrase was tweeted nearly a 
and many people denial  of  normal  t care . in fact orgs  - in my case and  other black women  - and  - do . not . care .
harvey weinstein  s fall opens the floodgates in hollywood imagine a world with no more
instant  message getting interviewed for cbs evening news about instant  message sure if instant  message used it ll be an eye blink instant  message just happy they re doing the story
now i know why kevin spacey is such a great actor ; he s obviously been pretending to be human for years .
i will not tell my daughter to stop wearing dresses because men can t keep their eyes and words to themselves . stop now !
megan kelly joins the movement . fox news has had a toxic influence on the us . sensational propaganda pushed by criminals . 
what lawyers are picking up the legal work as weinstein roil hollywood ? we break down the cases :
you are never alone . reach out to someone you know you can trust . help others by being that same trustworthy person for them . 
this : at her great aunts house made a decision that would end up shaping the life of one of missouri s rising political stars . she told . 
i was sexually assaulted by a distant family member . denial  of  normal  t let it control you !
hi instant  message with i read your post . would you like to talk about it ? thank you !
let s do a hashtag me too campaign all over again ? well this also requires voices to come together for our city governments to act ! because there are more in our cities around the world than you think ! 
powerful opening to piece on harvey weinstein and prospects for lasting change
ove love love this operator  - ed . be sure to listen to tomorrow where and i discuss and all it s facets 
seeing everyone s stories is both empowering and so disheartening . you re all brave whether you choose to speak out or not .
wondering what the facebook algo rt him will do with posters in terms of ads / content / what they see . cc :
how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement with data on
from classmates to creepy guys in gas stations to random strangers to retail customers . no woman should feel scared like that . 
i am thinking of formally ex  - communicating myself from the catholic church so that in some way the psychological sex abuse ends .
/ bernie sanders have absolutely nothing to do w / each other . my story of being molested at age  should not be rt d  chat perverts
i think the pedophiles in hollywood are on their way out . now we just have to address the church and state .
and sending love & support to so many who have experienced harass men but can t safely voice it .
name who on a public stage ? woman who have been harassed ? that s not my place i can speak only for myself
he stayed on the university website and kept a visiting researchers office for  + years after i told someone in power . 
) see the * asterisk .  ) was started by women for women .  the statistics can t be argued with and they are allowed to have their own specific story on this . both points  &  render your hate pointless . it makes me sad that anybody can behave like this towards anyone
call for help : experts answer your questions in response to movement via  1  0 television 
i  m not a celebrity but .  the humiliation & guilt u feel after is crazy & so unfair .  power & strength in numbers right on
. when i was a gov employee i went to my woman boss who said leave it alone ms . do well my  1 stop  that gov job )
no matter how you feel know that you denial  of  normal  t owe anyone your story via
i wasn t going to do this business because frankly it happens to all of us all of the fucking time . then i remembered the human .
actors unions need to step up and fight for better protection for their members . 
great talk on denial  of  normal lemon about louis c . k . sexual harassment sexual offending .
i really feel like instant  message seeing the needle move w the campaign . instead of asking why now ? journalists have been asking what next ?
power to all the people who tweeted to show fellow survivors that they are not alone . (
how do i keep this picture  easy access ? i need to remember . thanks 
everywhere . police sexually me made video took naked photos . laughed at me
now is the time speak out victims of child sex abuse expose 
i wonder how many men post the ? it  s just as likely that people denial  of  normal  t speak up as men .
when people friend you on facebook just to hit on you but get pissed when you don 't pay attention to them
i was raised to feel equal . then i grew up  richa  s powerful post on is eye  - opening october 
exactly . almost every job i held in my  2  0 s &  3  0 s i d been sexually harassed .  & that was just at work . too common . 
me too . we all deserve an industry free from harassment and violence . let s work together to make that happen .
they all can t be lying why dose he still have a job after his lies bad behavior at no time is it okay 
please tell me this is a joke sight this isn t really true is it they wouldn t allow their selves to sound so ignorant would they ? 
men when you wonder what to do about all those stories well search for the truth and work as hard and be as brave as 
did you really think the women you know haven t been harassed or intimidated assaulted or abused ?
oh yes from the old boys club in london to la film school to film sets . not just men .
when a man standing over me while i sleep touching me  years later date rape happen
okay looking at the social media trends of in the last couple of days i did some intuitive maths without .
rebel wilson says male star sexually harassed her while his friends tried to film 
it  s disturbing to read the tweets and feel like i can  t relate because i  ve been roofied groped and kissed .
were amazed by what has come out of and want to credit to the woman who pioneered it  years ago thank you tara na
for you who shared your stories under a call for submissions . please consider sending in your work . 
/ the high school coach who told me  -  - the asst . principal  -  - lift up your skirt and let s do it right here ; in my office .
my virginity was taken from me at  1  2 years old by a  1  4 year old boy who would not stop when i said no over and over again . i always blamed my self and was  years old before i called it rape .
to those undermining the movement just a reminder that my rapist is on television every sunday . this is why the hashtag matters .
take action ! share participate donate ! spread the word ! 
note to men & women : keep your hands to yourself . you know that you know better so .  know better and behave . regards humanity
helps but what comes next ? thank u  running this ! join us & all you  want sex 
social media is changing the feminist movement . every once in a while new hashtags are trending such as
little late to the processing took yesterday off social media for the most part for my birthday but i .
video : takes social media by storm but some say there s a better way
what you do and say to vulnerable girls in high school has long lasting effects .
she spoke to the m a about what it was like to raise sons who raped their sister ( instant  message paraphrasing ! )
i hope everyone i know reads some of these posts . cause some of you   all need an eye opener .
is more than experience but those stories we  ve listened to saw in public and consoles to our loved ones
here s hoping the social media movement happening now results in real change . 
don 't forget that people have asked and to help on this as well ! ( thanks and for supporting our campaign ! ) . for
because almost every single woman i know has been assaulted or harassed in some way . whether it s catcalls or grouping or worse .
i don 't know a woman who hasn t confronted sexual harassment . and to survivors of sexual assault were with you and believe you .
i wasn t going to post but then i was driving to the doctor and got honked at by a trucker and stared down at a red light .
& my  year old sister was repeatedly raped by school teachers husb ovr summer at their inn by the sea she committed suicide ; so many do 
it took me a while to get the courage to post anything as instant  message in the midst of dealing 
one time i got punched in the face ( like legitimate ) because i wouldn t let this old guy grab on to me at a club in italy
pedophiles got me first in  1 stop  that grade ; i support stars by joining ave . folk on vote together : halt the terror ! . 
in your life it is likely you have caused someone unjust pain . there is a chance you are been part of the problem .
if you listened to our & want to help on the issue of consider donating to  - our  2 and festival is   -  . lots of literary panels & artistic showcases on this topic !
each event was traumatic & nearly lethal . and now health insurance companies want to consider rape a pre existing condition
if you need to speak with someone trained to help call hotline at  . hope (  ) 
in light of just remembered an unpolished widely  - panned tsm post  3 years ago . feel like it deserves a  2 and look 
i  m so struck & devastated by the amount of on my timeline . you  reply all so brave even if you can  t speak out . rape culture must end .
any place , anywhere,  anytime : i started sharing my story publicly . that helped me heal !
he was my  3 rd grade teacher . he kept taking me out in the hall to talk to me pinning me against a locker .
this tag does not surprise me . if you see the women who say they were abused as kids it is staggering . i believe the women .
because i think i should ve slapped him but then maybe he would ve punched me and god knows instant  message not strong enough to take him
after the movement unleashed by the hollywood accusations against harvey weinstein my interview
after the movement unleashed by the hollywood accusations against harvey weinstein my interview 
this needs to go with the rest of the tweets & we need to see more outrage 
me too . not a celeb just a  year  old lady vet . wish i knew of one woman who couldn t honestly answer yes . me too . even . just . one .
keep the headphones on so you can ignore people . but don 't play anything at night so you can hear what s going on around you .
in hollywood back in the acting day often . told what do i get for a part i became a journalist instead !
i was a teenager . my aunts partner touched me every time i stayed over . no one believed me . they re still together . i hate him .
charges dropped . and his accuser has now been accused of raping multiple underage girls in the campaign .
it s time to speak up and take action ! presenting the winner of mango baaz short film festival . a film by shehryar mom in  room
that woman is still working as a social worker and child specialist in case you re wondering .
my driver straight up propositioned me for sex last night . just reminding everyone this shit happens all the time .
you  reply very brave misty ! thank   you ! welcome to the club . it  s an unfortunately very large one !
 please help male survivor with journey to effect legislative changes benefitting all survivors ! 
 please help male survivor with journey to effect legislative changes benefitting all survivors !
please help male survivor with journey to effect legislative changes benefitting all survivors !  
judy let s dig in deeper on special education teachers & child sex abuse  disabled children
all because an innocent five  - year  - old girl is not a credible witness compared to a grown perverted male liar .
this is shocking . our country has a problem . then we wonder why we have mass shootings . survivors there is a + way  express anger .
everyone must take initiative and let s not forget about the males who have also been sexually harass e they count too .
technology can help expose sexual predators . no more sexual violence or assault . be equipped ! you are not alone !
i was  and a grown man walked up to me while i waited for the bus and told me he wanted to eat my pussy
who s getting the legal work as weinstein roil hollywood | the american lawyer
a major shift has taken place this year . web logger on the mass power of the movement .
a1 : i was assaulted when i was  years old by a man i met at a happy hour three days before .
the movement proves that sexual assault and harassment survivors are not alone  for too long survivors have .
being told to remember to swallow as an intern by a  2  9 year  old man while other guys watch and laugh
because you didn t take my consent . because you ignored me saying no ! because you forgot we were good friends .
is just another lame social media hashtag that ll accomplish nothing in the real world . cc :
the sex abuse has only intensified in recent weeks with me getting bull  - dozed by a gang of bad catholics whilst asleep unconscious .
making a change for the better with our media company it needs to end let s ban
twice trusted people one that i knew since a pre teen . one still in denial . said i was of age .
just a man and a woman talking about how to be a better male ally | a frank conversation in ( cont )
seeing posts i think really her ? but she s not as naive flirty  _ _ _ as i was ! hard to unlearn nefarious feelings of complicity .
me too . if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted me too might show how big the problem is .
i remember vividly a guy touching my leg at a party & when i told him i had a boyfriend and he replied  he doesn  t have to know  .
the more i meditated the more i realized i don 't know a single friend who hasn t been harassed to some degree . proud to join
the earliest incident i can personally recall happened in  6 th grade . i was too nave to think it was anything besides a joke 
al michels gets reprimanded by nbc for weinstein joke . apologizes on air . liberal media at it s best .
why does the main stream  media cover up for parents of kids who have been fondled & the victims of joe biden need to come forward ! 
del t with a liar who accused him and he never touched her to save his life . so approach ever with caution everyone isn t raped
because they only have a paper cut . the wound and pain is just as real and it still requires care and time to heal . is helping
i will never know my truth when pred raped i hated me & ? ed would i be straight if it didn  t happen ? now it doesn  t matter 
i wasn t hired for a job once because the owner wanted to sleep with me but told me sleeping with employees was unprofessional .
it wasn  t until i started sharing my traumas that i realized every woman i told would say if they were ready they d share theirs
to hell with it . three times to be exactly the first one was at  years old . difficult to believe .  but this campaign made me say it
most recent experience has to be while at work . a man dragged my arm when i said no to him . he took my phone out of my back pocket .
it happens almost every time a woman says she s been sexually harassed or assaulted . you just haven t been listening .
 i  d prefer a from men who  ve seen a woman sexually harassed or assaulted and did nothing 
i d prefer a of men who have seen a woman sexually harassed or assaulted and did nothing .
was goosed by  year  old w dementia . an apology is the proper response but really ? i guess she needed a story on her resume .
so grateful to the brave victims like my sister for sparking a worldwide conversation across all industries and nations .
i want to tell my story but i can t . my voice is literally stuck in my throat . these people are so brave .
shout out to my friend and fellow alum who wrote a practical and heartfelt piece for how to do more than just listen to stories
it s frustrating to have family in other red states call & share  - and have concern expressed . is not just hollywood it is local .
got harassed twice in the time it took to type this tweet .
i  ve heard stro ries now that are so incredibly sad . hopefully this campaign can have a positive effect and stop this terror .
women share stories of harassment and assault under powerful hashtag
is this about groping and hazing and thus not worth the courts time ? and only cause maroney stayed silent . why ?
it  s sad when you think to yourself  it  s not really that bad  to justify not saying something . it  s the norm and it shouldn  t be .
people victimized by often run into the and their information is lost for various reasons .
i believe you . i have my own stories i have heard my friends stories i have wondered if mine really is that bad in comparison .
to weinstein spacey .  these pigs are everywhere .  by the way i didn  t allow this to happen to me .  it did and i won  t forget .
teachers do your students have questions about i started to help share resources
assaulted ? yes raped ? yes touched ? yes shamed ? yes delivered ? in process survived ? yes found joy ? yes nightmares after  2  0 years ? yes
i think the hashtag is problematic . you  reply asking me to relive my trauma then become open to people asking  what happened ? 
without missing a beat he told me he was going to his place in stop  that . thomas on friday . he would messenger a ticket over and we would review my book there . 
 but the men would not listen .  they want only raped her and abused her all through the night until morning .  (
wow i don 't feel alone anymore . i was raped by my drill sergeant in basic training . and now the nightmares are catching up with me !
- years before it was a hashtag was a movement founded by to help sexual assault survivors 
thanks to ashley nicole for sharing her story molested by her adopted father who was a pastor . full story :
joining  colleagues sen . heidi heitkamp shares story on meet the press
a note about the hashtag : guys with any problem this widespread there s no way each and every one of us isn t a part of it s one how
this is not a criticism of but i feel the need  say i have never been sexual harassed in the work place are sex pests .
my experience killed every particle of love i had for advertising stone dead . my whole being actually recoils at the thought of working as a creative in an advertising agency again . 
these signs were on by u campus today . the statistics are equally terrifying . no matter the circumstance every victim should be heard
from one okie to another .  thanks for sharing . everyday i learn how prevalent this type of abuse is
to the senior exec who asked me to entertain his rich married friend for the weekend and enjoy each other you are the problem
in today  s episode of someone called me  times in a row and left grunting sounds on my voicemail . file .
dear want to really change the rules ? how about keeping trending
thread : in view of the reaction to the operator  - ed and the campaign i have some things to say .
when you lose count of the times you ve been harassed assaulted or disrespected something has to change .
but i  m sorry i  ve never been able to speak about those events publicly . i respect and thank those who can .
women are taking to social media to share their experiences by saying what happens next ?
( and the fact i feel uncomfortable for admitting this is precisely the problem . always remember it s not your fault . )
i advise everyone who shared to write down your story . just for yourself . it takes the power out of it & makes it less heavy to carry .
thank u grace . your honesty & bravery shows that we have within all of us the capacity to change the world . i  m completely behind u . 
i was attacked as a congressional staffer and i remember the fear and shame . watch my video story here :
it s also inspiring to work for an intl org committed to finding & sharing innovative solutions to gender issues . 
as toxic as social media can be for kids i wish was around when i was a teenager so i could have been less of a complicit shithead .
it breaks my heart to know that if my  year old daughter were on social media she would also have to say me too
i wish this hashtag would change the way lawmakers see the world
this hashtag is only preaching to the choir . want change ? don 't put up with bullshit like that and learn how to defend yourself .
i work at a hotel and am asked for my  special services  every . single . day .
to everyone sharing we believe you . it s not your fault . you are not alone .  our crisis line .
we d like to interview a utah woman who posted today . if that s you and you re comfortable talking about it shoot me / a note .
and what s your plan for victims ? should they simply set aside the fact that they ve been raped ?
these types of comments are especially disturbing in these times  the campaign when we have a pussy grabber president .
i sent the details to you . i really hope that i can get some legal help .
sex harassment culture will only change when men join the movement say experts on
have you seen the hashtag ? what do you make of it ? and what do you make of people who try to start  an off topic  discussion it ?
sexual assault paralyzes us . it left a mark on me . i was afraid to speak up for years but i  m not afraid anymore . i  m in control now 
i was  a virgin my boyfriend was tired of waiting . i thought it wasn  t assault because i didn  t say no . now i understand consent .
the awareness of has raised is both amazing and hopeful yet .  i can  t help but think of those who were silenced & remain so .
in a frank conversation with a colleague today we concluded the every working woman can likely legitimately tweet how sad is that ?
crossing bok chit to choctaw nations tim tingle children s emancipation story . accompanies this video class glossary which is free on racketeering in records in cps cases . share it .
years old . my uncle . later i thought maybe i acted too grown up . lolita  - like . led him on . but lolita was just a little girl too .
problem is that there are many abusive ps and those children don 't stand a chance . becomes the mindset . preds don 't see it as wrong
when we say post & remind the world  we are serving notice that we no longer will stay silent
the advocate mag : no feminism is not to blame for hollywood s rape culture .
our next panel will discuss the campaign . join us next monday for a variety of perspectives adding context to this topic .
if you  reply surprised by all the in your timeline are a man and want to be better here are some good .
you could google all night long stories of female teachers preying on male students . they have stories too .
after watching & listening to i vow to use my voice to demand change for girls who can t speak
megabus . man puts his hand on my leg . i tell him to stop . he does it  2 x more . finally i climb over him and find a different seat . 
diana ny ads piece in is nothing short of powerful & a clarion call for change :
hate crimes up nationally by almost  over  6  0 k + people will die and countless families be destroyed from opioid addiction this year &  the gospel speaks to these realities and the church should too .
i am here for all that need to share as i have been sexually harassed and raped when i was a teen . it is hard to overcome . enough !
awful that this continues . stop it you blokes & stop it if you asked why it took so long to speak up . do u realise where you stand ?
i  have shared a bit but i  have got too many memories to pour them out here . but if anyone is feeling alone just know you re not .
guess what else is super uncomfortable ? being harassed . at least that s what i d tell mine if he objected to my
as a young woman  older men mentored me in life  - changing ways in ways my immigrant parents couldn t . = disaster .
my only issue with this campaign is some of the organizers problem already knew about now they re just trying to distance themselves for political advantage . their liberal causes .
i commend all the brave women telling their stories . especially because the reaction of most is to not believe women .
day has been hard . reminding myself that a relapse does not ruin recovery . u denial  of  normal  t have to start over . it  s not a linear process .
one of the assaulter s called my boyfriend the next day and told him i made a move on him . i was asleep .
because i experienced people of authority and respect grabbing my behind or harrassing me and i felt unable to defend myself
we have our own movement in the church and it s been around a long time . we need to protect our children .
good job for finally doing original reporting on the victims in don 't c are . drain the swamp has more than one meaning . 
just read your piece . yes exactly & thank you . the stanford case spurred my reveal out of anger  - almost destroyed me .
if someone harrassed you on the street in denver and you want to share wants to hear it . 
too many times a female superior told me if i had to * * ck to get to where i am you are going to have to learn to do the same .
all the men who have been asking how they could help change the culture .  watch this video !
they pointed to woman who spoke up . her name ruined . career gone . it was a choice for survival .
me too . : twitter r u beginning to understand how your punishment of rose mcgowan affects all survivors ?
but you are also underestimating the power of waiting for the appropriate time to come forward . now is the time . strength in numbers
the amount of hashtags being used is heartbreaking yet empowering to know you all are pushing forward stronger & resilient as ever
what a powerful message . utah women share stories of assault and harassment
expose child marriage and hypocrisy in america which includes gay marriage abuse of boys too 
.  finally one man told me i needed to  learn to suck some d**k  .  i an urge to leave immediately .
hi claire i work for the victoria derbyshire programme at the bbc . could you please follow me so i can deathmatch you reply thanks
i had to fight back against an old bastard like you never told a soul they wouldn t have believed me ! 
but being a woman you learn early you denial  of  normal  t get to choose when you feel unsafe . others make those decisions for you .
thinking about and how it relates to my experiences for the first time and things all kind of hit me like a brick wall .
you d think working in the ethics profession would mean your male colleagues would know better . nope .
jeff flake and a strong steady voice against the trump agenda  center for american progress 
i was sad to see no discussion of on linkedin . super proud my post about that now has nearly  views .
for all the girls who said or for all the boys who denial  of  normal  t get it . listen to this podcast . 
there s a reason is trending rather than can anyone find a woman who hasn t dealt with this issue ? wake up people .
niecy nash talks movement & reactions of her male friends in wake of weinstein scandal
aly raisman says she was sexually abused by u . s . national team doctor 
stories being shared with are heart wrenching . we have a serious problem  the storytellers  bravery is the first step in solving it .
back in the late  8  0 s was a terrible place . the woman in charge was horrible to me . all she wanted was details .
retweeted alyssa milano ( we shared our stories let  s honor hers . help
to clarify created movement brought attention to this amazing campaign . thanks  flagging .
in the recent spate of the campaigns on social media a clear light is shown on some really .
in multiple professional industries . amongst trusted friends . just last week . .  let s see it stop .
ask your sons brothers husband father s about their stories . it s surprisingly prevalent .
when you are looking for a tutor that is it !  you do not have the right to try to take advantage of me . you denial  of  normal  t .
+ at a time is sweeping the internet it feels particularly insensitive for not to address the pay issue head on
i got cat called in this . tell me again that the clothes cause the problem .
retweeted people think just because instant  message a guy it can t happen but it can and it did .
police and sexually me to confess to murder when i reported a suicide . so this is karma ! read my true story and remember swiss govt are nazis !
no  celebrity sex pests revealed through in the uk france and flanders . guess which one gets the most popular support : you could not make it
get ready for a poor quip : in the wake of the hashtag i find these images of pink slits doused in sticky juice quite gross
 and what kind of things should a community consider as risk for people who report .
the posts are so incredibly powerful even for those not comfortable to post . it should empower everyone to
i worked at an organization where i was often ignored over the younger prettier girls ; made me feel confused and worthless .
what if it s only no three weeks later and your boyfriend finds you have been screwing around ? i believe all woman are abuser and liers until they submit a police report .
and  we denial  of  normal  t have a black male violence problem in south africa  . 
join us sunday afternoon for healing . therapists clergy social work professionals on hand in monrovia ca . 
here s another note about i am often vocal on facebook about abuse . i post a status about it once or twice a month .
if women sharing stories shocks you please pull your head out of your ass and reevaluate how you treat women .
the true history of the me too movement : it started with a black woman . must read analysis in ebony . 
& demand human rights & consent education in k  -  . end violence abuse retribution & coercion
i carried this sign at the lots of shocked faces then . we need change now so this isn t reality for another generation
shared a personal story on facebook .  characters isn t enough to fit the magnitude of this topic .
. america ferrera reveals she was sexually assaulted at age  in post  1  0  6  6 live
this monster many call harmless has a lot of names : offense hate bigotry control manipulation among others . thank you .
retweet if you believe that just because you are drinking that doesn t give someone the right to your body without your consent .
in  7 th grade a classmate took my notebook and told me i would be raped if i continued to ask for it back
so i wrote a song about it  mr . hollywood producer  .   s are still floating around on the internet . i love music not showbiz .
my girls are perfect as they are . they re going to have to deal with their crazy mother ; they don 't need .
that s awful mara . i was just  a man exposed himself to me & masturbated after he asked me directions . he thought i was younger
i  ve been thinking since went big about wjc . thought jones and willey stated sex was consensual ? broad derick is another story : still unclear to me .
you re deserving of every ounce of respect ; you have every right to feel safe & protected . i stand w / you beside you today & always .
my first kiss was with a family member who took advantage of me . i never got to expierence a first kiss that brought back nostalgia only sadness .
you know i always thought it was just me . the me too people made me say something after  years . glad it is all out in the open and these predators might stop .
when we have this conversation about rape culture we going   to talk about how this delay constantly happens
if you tweet your story or not you are brave extraordinary & you matter you deserve every happiness peace & healing
i was working my way through college when mr . morris offered me a job preparing invoices and keeping books .
in today s world what we miss is common sense . again blindly posting posts . but here agreed with tisca chopra views ! 
was  . hope the dudes didn t leave w / what a b*tch  vs how can i learn ? won t get ahead of myself .
i denial  of  normal  t know a single woman who has not been at least harassed .
anyway i think needs to be followed with real solutions and not just open wells of vulnerability .
headshot : boys wanted to measure my breasts  - how long does it take for you to enter a room after your boobs are already in there ?
beyond social listening to people segmentation . analysis of shows the conversation reaching people from all walks of life
i had and have reported these bad people to the polices fbi and department of justice . i even cannot avoid having panic attack .
note : i believe you . it s safe to talk to me . i ll support you and back you up however you want me to .
you have a friend who asks did he .  ? and you hear the same story from her . make damn sure there s consent
at  years old a man outside of a  eleven jeered at how good a dress made me ass look
truth . some of us serve ourselves best by keeping our stories to ourselves . can be brave but it  s okay to put yourself  1 stop  that
can cause life long issues to handle and change . no of us are alone . 
in hope that no other young girl or woman should find themselves in a circumstance that requires them to decide between silence
footage shows trump squeezing & kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a beautiful teenager
because i went to a party to have a good time and a guy took advantage of me
because i didn t want my ass grabbed or ha sexually vulgar things said to me by strangers . no i won t take it as compliments .
horrified talking to  friends about  - we  ve all been there  - friend was harassed as a  1  6 year old new   player at a bank by her male colleague
was wondering if someone will be publishing hashtag statistics and take action at global level ?
i  have never talked about this era until trump & i finally told my daughter & husband some stories i  have carried silently for years .
may this message find you in peace and good spirits . ( while it lasts . ) your day of judgment is coming ! watch it burn !
women and men share stories of sexual harassment and abuse
i  have worked in a bar since i was  .  do i really need to explain ?  and running while female .
a tough but essential read reply : what comes next after trigger warning though . some rough stuff in here .
the joke was making no reference to a wonderful campaign not to be joked about  - no offence was meant were happy for the couple !
sister is just want   to say thanks to u & this lovely lady pastor for giving me the strength to say
this took some brave balls . instant  message sorry you have to explain this shit over and over again 
i never want my younger colleagues to experience the business world i did . i will protect them .
a great article by calling for a global plan in the wake of the movement 
your appearance is poorly written words in ms paint over an antifa flag i think it s fairly reasonable to assume a great deal of things about you and anyone who backs you .
during flurry your article led to extremely positive heartfelt discussions within my fb community . thank you .
the point is that a society that looks like what we see in is not can not be fair & more than the perpetrators take advantage of it
sorry but instant  message liking  more and more as each story comes out against him . it s laughable to compare his antics to harvey and co .
could have happened  years ago if not for this attitude : stay loudly and publicly and extravagantly on the side of signal leftist causes and you can do what you want in the privacy of your offices and hotel rooms . 
the amount of posts is baffling and has brought me to tears numerous times . it spans generations . this has to change .
seriously what  the heck ? !  although reading this triggered another memory & that is exactly why i choose to request a woman masseur . 
a male head of a key diversity site asking me to let it go over a former tfn mod who harassed me .
sending love to you you are amazing and we truly appreciate your thanks and support .
the rapist suck   dick if i didn t abort he d deny paternity & tell the court i was a slut who slept friends incl his buddy my boss over  shoulder
in light of the campaign cgi & main stream  media collusion w / clinton s watch slick willy playing victim & attacking starr
after sexually assaulting my friend he followed me around my dorm to intimidate me . didn t report it cause i was too scared of him .
him  . apparently the me too hashtag brought out the asshats . it s person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble block o clock again .
if you posted what kind of responses did you get ? any conv rs at ns started ? what would u like to see happen now ?
the survivors march to take place sunday in hollywood california  via
for many young female actors it s a battle just fighting against the prejudice you re sexualised first then seen as an actor  2 and
girl i had the same thought when i was walking the dog this afternoon while going over my twitter and all the stupid
in my  4  0 s i went into a brooklyn bar and met a man who claimed to be a h . s . football coach . he slipped me a mickey and date raped me
closer to the lower  3  0 s you suck ! we all know you will be in orange suit that matches your orange face soon ! get you still back moore too you are a sick sick man !
i am not defined by what happened to me . it is not my fault for what you chose to do to me . i refuse to keep silent anymore .
it flew over there with the harvey weinstein allegations and stayed because of a kevin spacey s theater there . european
i confronted my primary abuser decades later . he told my family i was either crazy or lying . they believe him .
how conversation opened a wave of accusations against james to back
we have nothing  b ashamed of we didn t deserve it & were taking our power back . instant  message not the only one who could say this > once .
today we are discussing the movement in the context of healing & how do we ensure the movement goes beyond click tivi sm ?
was cna at a nursing home while attending nursing school . assaulted by male co  - worker who found me alone in food prep room . (
the harsh reality : i have been assaulted raped harassed and nearly every one of my female friends have also been .
thank you all who joined us last night for an engaging discussion in response to we hope the conversation doesn t end there .
have a mom daughter sister wife ? chances are good someone you know can say 
thank   you  the impassioned call  men  stop harassing abusing women & to call it out ! lead the way !
it makes me sad to think how lucky that i am that i  have only been harassed but never assaulted . this is the state of our world .
in response to men are sharing how they will take action with go check it out .
instant  message a part of . my sister is . my mom is . someone you love is too .
one sentiment that should be shared more : if you feel you were sexually assaulted the tag is for you . it can happen to any gender .
bill clinton offered get  - out  - of  - jail  - free cards to a whole army of sleazeball s from to 
we need to focus more on the assailants & enablers to change behavior that seems so culturally engrained . it starts when raising boys
so the version / vision of i always wanted to work in is happening now we all want the best for our future !
/ maybe it s the hashtag that is making this week feel particularly raw but i am sick of these micro  - aggressions and subtle sexism s
ca congresswoman jackie speier just went she is sponsoring bill to protect victims on the hill .
it is so amazing and brave of these women to come forth . i to have a story . i have shared and been therapy for a while now . i am so proud of all these women !
ladies and gentlemen please post me too if your were sexually molested at one time in your life .
why not because i have sons  u said what happened  2 u aloud  4 all 2 hear ! silence keeps evil alive !
everyone woke up with dreams to be happy & successful . don 't violate someone else s space so you can feel a little pleasure ! just no
don 't want to like a post because it feels not quite right ? understandable . but it s hard to share & not be acknowledged . w /
saw this on enty . last para devastating . brings back awful memories for us all .  and fear for victims after us who couldn t say no
for every you see there are several silent echoes behind it . the ones you re seeing are just the tip of the iceberg .
new article in adfreak very interesting stuff always . watch the campaign spread around the world on facebo 
it is important that we openly talk about these issues with our children to educate them better
what a powerful story is opening much needed conversation . a path to healing for the survivors 
me too jemele . same age as bri . spent years on the basketball court to escape . that was my only safe place . ruined my life .
not the club we want to be in . we didn t ask to join . we all have our stories . i could make a list . we are strong
oh good . do we get to talk about ben affleck s sexual harassment record too ? or is now not a good time ? 
laughing  out loud at walking into seminar while white male peer explains merits and pitfalls of campaign to female identifying classmates
telling people saying isn t their place to speak up is absolutely doing that .
this is why exists everyone . this ain t over yet . join me next year april and take a stand against all forms of sexual abuse !
so many pasts ripped open today . so many of us went back to that one the of our lives when it happened when we endured .
no woman ( or man ) should be silent .  no human should ever be abused or used or sexually assaulted .  by anyone .
thank you ! my rapist verbatim  well we were both pretty drunk .  yeah but i wasn  t the one who decided to rape
thanks football coach bennett for calling my rapist a  great young man 
) thread : i want men to understand the terror i feel every day just being a woman .
just a drop in the bucket these days . for me i could never understand the industry putting up with people like him haven  t seen a wa flick since the first allegations because and
and i know he  s on twitter and hope he sees this because in addition to harassing me he said i  d never  make it .  guess what  i now have a better job than you .
when as a girl i stopped wearing pig tails because a older man told me he would use them as handlebars
i was wearing a uniform given to me by his daughter ( also my boss at the time ) . luckily i quit soon after .
great interview but odd you denial  of  normal  t cover which is the genocide of millions of and the highest form of against that leads to and
please there are even kids being abused without them realising what just happened to them . i just wanted to say is tip of iceberg
elizabeth smart praises campaign provides tips for keeping kids safe
i am also starting to lose count of the women ( and men ! ) who have shared stories with me after i  ve shared mine
was told by a client starting a retail chain who was looking for cheap pr labor : i thought you girls just did this for fun .
but what ironically gives me hope is seeing all of these stories come out  -  - the trend especially  -  - because it s breaking down walls .
social media doesn t give you the control that disclosure should really mean discussing
and it s fifty thousand retweets without even factoring how many times each of us have experienced a guy un wante showing us his private part .
loved your piece on definitely see how victims are feeling aroused . would love to connect .
i love how quickly you fall back on as hominem attacks . you  ve completely missed the point of
our follow  - up : where  d the movement really come from ? activist long before hashtags 
i am shaking after writing this but it is important that we understand these things happen and we need to end it .
x2 harriet & the posted behind the tweets . read hts bio by sarah bradford . quick inspirational & raw .
even though you know it  s not your fault you still wish you  d done something different . every time
thank you for starting we all must advocate support call out misogyny and fear and
the movement started in response to the harvey weinstein scandal and it s ensuing fall out . 
meek mills attorney says judge told rapper to leave roc nation sign with her friend  via  - wow ?
very proud of my & fellow media colleague for sharing this piece . here s hoping it inspires others ! 
a personal yet encouraging take on including how to help all employees & others find their voices :
i love going on walks and it would be lovely if i never had to worry for my life or safety because a man is trying to follow me
me too platform woman s march yet silent when black woman called whore . ignored february drug warrant but now yells she s being targeted
can mean anything anyone wants . if you have been a victim of something that was traumatic . is a place for all to share b fair
for all the posts there are exponentially more people who just can t say it out loud yet . i hope this person knows we hear them .
weinstein o reilly kalani k cosby now scoble . the whole keep your hands to yourself . seriously what are you ? toddlers ? grow up
work in progress : changing academic culture for folks astonished by volume of  essay still relevant 
lotus ( biggest liar of the united states ) strikes again . tell the truth for once trump .
or with insidious everyday moments that are too many to count and too  insignificant  to write about or even remember half the time ?
within  hour of posting on fb the majority of my get  a  life pals  - many fiercely strong  - posted the same .
when it s happened too many damn times for someone as young as i am . when despite your ag it can happen to you too .
as a college student i confided in a church leader who responded with  i denial  of  normal  t believe you . 
i tried to find a pull quote but i couldn t pick . on the tangle of emotions behind the rage of is just so so good . read all of it .  via
i was in an elevator at the veterans hospital in  7 th grade . he got on and down low & very dirty said i want to touch your ass .
big ones i can quickly think of and doesn t count smaller acts and things like catcalling .
once that campaign illustrates how severe racism is in small and large ways systemic and socially we can move on to homophobia
i felt like i was the one who was making it into a bigger deal than it probably was . tells her moms story . 
boom just went next level as a young powerless woman trapped alone with a predator i did not run 
in college i was roofied while having a beer with friends after work . when i went to the er the next day to be examined  /
as a   -  year old kid by my babysitters friend . it s embarrasing to admit that a rock solid and strong guy like myself couldn t
bill and hillary need to reckon for their lies in this age of and the democratic party needs to at one for this as well 
this is so true . i didn t tweet because i felt lucky that i  have only had my butt grabbed the one time 
continued requests to buy drinks despite repeated no . getting pinched inappropriately . being told to smile because you look prettier 
another powerful woman who didn t out .  the hashtag should signify all the people who remained silent to protect their personal interests 
irony is when hollywood hates trump but because he was elected they are now able to use the clinton would ve protected weinstein
i  have been open about it with friends but instant  message not ready yet to share my story here . so i ll just say
kudos to creator . disheartened it s as applicable now as  years ago . grateful for present  - day exposure & all who added their voice . 
every woman . every level of achievement in society . are as incredible and accomplished as they are in spite of living with the trauma of being able to say 
this week in the news has never been more exposed . i  have been sexually harass e inside the business
i denial  of  normal  t know if orlando bishop started it or saw it elsewhere but it  s worth spreading : i believe you .
i almost didn t post this . why ? because i didn t want people to think it was for attention . and that s the fucking problem . no more .
) last night while the social media was inundated by solidarity to i made a comment on a thread i found apologetic for cops .
as jr faculty i was sexually harassed . when i reported it to my dept head i was asked if i really wanted to make a fuss .
i cannot discount any person who stands up to say but yes media let s more voices in the conversation as soon as  possible
the report highlights why we need a stronger criminal justice system . 
. urges sexual harassment victims to share their stories on social media
i was never told who i was or why i was here only that my life  day would stop living and i would continue to struggle & suffer .
i didn t get molested  1 stop  that time until i was  . was from getting beaten when my mind started going elsewhere . 
hi guys . awesome pod ; i just subscribed . q : where is the petition for lauren agee ? i want to tweet it tag : it deserves one .
come and join our discussion panel on rape cut u re .    -  in the student union ballroom ( ssu ) .
we support the who are sharing their stories to help bring awareness to this cause .
i  m looking forward to my show today . we  ll be talking & security . join me from  .
ubs shares self  - care tips for sex abuse survivors :
seeing the eruption  - consider the magnitude of the loss for our culture when so many are squelch ed and scared all of the time
the movement set social media ablaze but will action take place ? via
 any movement going forward should take the professional  - social preventive approach .  gender studies on 
don 't forget underage girls pedi fier in chief prefers them young tell him statute of limitations on child rape doesn t stop civil suits 
my latest . | where  d the movement really come from ? activist long before hashtags 
is starting by asking about biden  s sexist comments that hrc ran a campaign devoid of joy and suggesting that she didn  t smile enough ?
senator warren recalled a former colleague chasing her around the desk trying to get his hands on her
1 stop  that time was when i was  y . o . & a teenage boy approached me in a parking lot & said he wanted to stick his long hard penis in me .
via un_ women : rt glamourmag : four famous women just shared their stories  and they re beyond powerful
or about army rapes in colonies of delhi empire never go viral in delhi . hashtags of the colonized start & die with them .
thank you for steadfastly standing with the victims and making it clear this is not a problem confined to hollywood .
in shock but thankful not being killed . my brain erased these too violent experiences for years . peaceful now part of my strength
illuminating in so many ways . as takes off denial  of  normal  t let the right define misogyny | zoe williams 
i experienced this early as a child ! my mom had no clue till one day she caught him i was only  years old !
no matter what your experience w / assaul was talk to someone about it . i promise keeping it to yourself is more painful .
a few weeks ago we trended how many years did you wait to say that ? how long were you silent ? retweet with your years of silence .
star trek : discovery  s latest episode makes a rare point about male rape survivors  via
it was better than not getting back to campus after that date in  . i survived imprisonment and rape but was never the same .
today s opinion is thanks to read our takes on new frat history & campaign
this is the firs time i am acknowledging it apart from one other person in the world . thanks to reading stories of all other people
dudes ! in the wake of you ll be hearing things that should horrify you . don 't ask survivors for next steps . (
do you want to hear about the man who followed me home from kindergarten & asked me what color my panties were ?
islamic scholar accused of rape ( s ) put on leave by  - as reaches into dark corners of many european institutions . 
more than once . in more than one country . took me a lot more time ( than i d like to admit ) to believe it wasn t my fault .
 long before  - missouri v . celia a slave : she killed the white master raping her then claimed self  - defense 
exp cd via parents (  /  kubler  - ross cats of sex l abuse ) was female friends ear by  . stunned :  + abused / threatened .
desperately want to join the posts but instant  message afraid . imagine that ?
listen up  - being sexually assaulted is not a competition  - happens to a variety of people . all walks of life . just be kind .
i don 't think a lot of people realize just why victims are so afraid to come forward .
wear necklace everyday . i want bracelet hope gets fearlessness t  - shirt . or hat season  needs new one
daily i fight to overpower deep scars & negative thoughts  - affecting each aspect of life  - to be a victor & shed the branding of victim .
the only solution to this problem is having such a faith which can stop human from doing nasty stuff .
i stand by everyone who has shared as women we must stand together & refuse to be silent about sexual assault !
overwhelmed . so much people i care about writing we have been unaware or in denial for way too long . let s deal with and stop this !
leading dutch director steps back after claims by actors | news | expat ica the netherlands 
it took me quite a long time to develop a voice and now that i have it i am not going to be silent .  madeleine albright
i just want to say to anyone out there you are beautiful and perfect . you re not damaged weak or a shame . you re what true strength is .
shed never spoken up for me ; why shed never told my brothers wives i was telling the truth ; why she hadn t reminded the others
yes absolutely . but still wondering if you gave credit to the black woman who started
painful to even recollect such incidents . no perpetrator should be allowed to get away with it . subtle or big . punish them all
in my situation he was a leader in the animal rights movement . i lost my job because i wouldn t date him .
cops courts & society never stop we relive trauma daily when we do come forward we don 't get justice .
you may not realize the extent of your abuse until older . it will make you sick to your stomach ashamed . it  s not your fault .
via rvp ravi vs prasad  - rt wired the meme is everything that  s wrong with social media writes jessi w 
i d been keeping them in a closet the past  years but today after browsing the heard  through i finally put all  of his books on the sidewalk .
i have some weird fear about going public with social issues on facebook so will be for me here
not on my watch  - hell yeah scarlet een : with so many survivors sharing their stories under we wanted .
this right here > healing is radical . thank   you for giving survivors voice to connect & heal 
i am saddened but not surprised by the amount of people who have shared tonight . your statements are brave and important !
it was a funny way to handle situation but i never got to operate w him again . a blessing but bad for my training . 
have u heard about the girls   -  required  lined up naked from waist up to have breast exams  play school sports ?
good job for taking a stand against & showing solidarity with his victims ! 
great piece by on where are the white women when black women get attacked : 
and of course lots of female teachers have preyed up on male students . if she s over  and he s not it s stat rape .
ladies if anyone touches you inappropriately do not be ashamed or think of your surroundings . beat the shit out of them . shame them .
allies your support means the most when it doesn t silence or sideline my experience  -  - thank   you for listening
in addition to the which instant  message part as well i wanted to shared another side of the conversation . what if we .
.  even after the owner of my work saw video proof of him throwing me to the ground pinning me down & seeing my bruises . [ continued ]
me too . hoping that raising awareness will help create change so that so many in the next generation will not also have to say
the power of is continuously changing lives and helping many of our friends and family to share more .
everyday and have seen every studio  interview . the entire campaign has just left me baffled at the sheer scope of
when i was a sophomore in high school we were typing papers in the computer lab and a guy reached under table and grabbed my vagina 
in sports : moving from revelations to policy dave zirin if we denial  of  normal  t begin dealing with thi .  via
and i could tell you it had nothing to do with how i was dressed i was a kid on a school bus just trying to get to my seat
when of your facebook feed is your female friends surfacing that they re been sexually assaulted or harassed . also : 
this makes me angry .  this bitch deserves having her female card revoked for this shit . .  you don 't get to say ! 
this is the front of another shirt i  m making . hotline number is going to be on the back .
bless you sir . if you start a hashtag for men that were abused by other men as a child i will join in .
we stand with all survivors of sexual violence as we work to end rape culture
the bigger question is how many other harvey weinstein  s run hollywood ? and any company anywhere ? .
how i dress how i act how many friends i have and my personality had nothing to do with my experience . stop victim blaming
 this was a publicity stunt that went to far . put in pulled a harvey weinstein on me this weekend . 
every . single . female . friend . it  s a staggering heartbreaking reality . and it  s time that we stop it . each of us can help .
in wake of weinstein abuse scandal catholics call church to leadership  -  - by
yes it s not a joke when you see that person but can t break the silence . stand speak and slap every moron who harasses you . !
beaten most my life molested raped . instant  message an informed trump supporter . she sickens me using issues for impeach  brainwashing chants
this sharing has been incredibly hard for me . i denial  of  normal  t want to discuss the horrors i  ve been through .
the psychology behind why weinstein got away with it  - great piece by on
retweeted the advocate ( no feminism is not to blame for hollywood s rape culture .
it took  years for me to throw the dress away i was raped in . i kept it in a drawer . my only proof to myself that it happened .
roofied in college . knew the shitstorm i d unleash on myself if i reported it . stayed silent & think about it every day .
because a man once drunkenly scream e at me on the red line from berwyn to morse and tried to follow me home
the movement shows that i apparently grew up in a bubble . i knew guys were assholes but i had no idea it was like this . so sorry
church discipline restorative justice two things i love to discuss because .  people are precious and god is just . 
on the dark side of the outcry allegations against r & b singer r . kelly continue to go unheeded .
because it shouldn  t matter that the rapist or abuser has  so much going for them  . they need be labeled as such : rapists & abusers
reading the hashtag has brought me to tears . something has to change in our world .
i  have been carried into bedrooms grabbed by the hand pulled out of crowds kissed by strangers harassed from cars followed etc .
rose mcgowan claims she was offered  hush money over weinstein allegations 
once interviewed guy who sat on chair backwards while meeting female colleague & put feet on my chair leg in interview
thanks !  appreciate the kind words and your transparent and encouraging ministry . is both freedom and a trigger . prayers up .
copied from friend for every time you see this posted by a person you know don 't think of her as a .
breaking : comedian louis c . k . confirms allegations .  these stories are true .  full statement
watch : elizabeth smart shares powerful video we are not victims 
hillary grappled infidelity & his accusers mrs clinton demanded action  neutralizing whispers   we have to destroy her story  she said according to stephanopoulos  were to question in front of jury  i would crucify her 
stand united : weinstein accusers join forces to publish list of allegations 
the amount of posts absolutely breaks my heart . we need to do better because
retweeted lane moore ( if u want   to tell your stories i support u but i don 't need u to pry .
every woman and girl has been the target of unwanted advancements from a man at some point in her life . it  s a culture .
the more we can talk about these things  - in the media and in our own lives  - the less predators will be able to hide in the shadows .
that s why is important . it reminds us to stop and realize how unacceptable all those things we have been taught to live with are .
hashtag raises awareness but falls short on creating action to combat racism and sexism 
hashtag raises awareness but falls short on creating action to combat racism and sexism
me too hashtag raises awareness but falls short on creating action to combat racism and sexism
assaulted by strangers and some i knew .  and harassed more times then i can count from age  on .
when an editor reportedly pointed out to son i that the group of fellows was predominantly white blonde women son i reportedly responded in a semi  - joking manner  yeah i  m using it to find myself a wife .  
more and more memories surfacing .  this shit goes so deep . almost all if not every woman in my family has been a victim . |
when you make sure the guy you are going out with knows you aren  t sleeping with him so he snaps your bra open after your me too conversation
] .  by twisting my arm behind my back to take away the cell phone by trying force me out a the window
my friends sharing  - bless you in your courage and in your recovery ! may i be brave and wise to protect others from future traumas .
when you have to pull your car over listening to s story .  baby girl . you give us all strength 
 i want to wake up tomorrow and have every status met with solidarity support and belief .   
nov .  : panel on the model minority stereotype and asian american masculinity in a post  - truth moment 
take note . the  most powerful words you can say just went from being i love you to i believe you .
because my ex boyfriend once told me that if i was ever raped he probably wouldn t believe me & would think i had cheated .
bill clinton  s rape accuser to monica lewinsky :  your silence was deafening   via
uk sex scandal deepens as activist alleges rape by a party member
* high school * all three jobs in college * female sports reporter in  1  9  8  0 s
the week after weinstein mania reinstates !  what a catastrophe .  sigh . if yeah watch that shit your complicit  - 
my  6  0 year old headshot flute teacher who i idolized wrote come by this summer i ll teach you some new fingering s in my senior yearbook .
it happened to me when i was  . dude had to be in his  4  0 s . he was all over me finally got rid of him by giving a fake number . 
denial  of  normal  t tell your dad .   via  - this is my friends web log .
thousands of people who ve been sexually harass e are saying in reply to tweet .
i really hope that anyone experiencing the same issue can help me and my parents . scosche industries are serious criminals !
claims ! i wish they  d use calls out ! we believe you girl strong woman !
i have never seen anything so amazing as what we started today with this is the beginning of a revolution . strength and compassion .
) i have been cat  - called and touched against my will by strangers bosses and  friends . 
no other than kevin spacey to get guys using team effort handle too .  well kudos for not denying it but surely that s a laws u i plea ?
there s specific & destructive pain  unique for parent of the abused & for young victim  linked to child abuse 
i remember in sunday bazaar it wasn t even crowded . some 1 touched my back i turned around slapped him so hard he fell down . i was 16
i am a survivor thriver of please speak up if you suspect someone needs help . can kill .
men also shared their experiences in they were also abused harassed by other men . guess that s what s pissing off certain scum
if you  reply more upset about the women than the men who harassed and assaulted you  reply part of the problem .
especially with the fact he covered up my drugging and rape & i have never stopped talking about it going on  years !
this and conversation is so important plus details on colin kaepernick s legal action against the nfl 
those people denial  of  normal  t know how to live demeaning someone else . poor jerks . so insecure / devoid of all but self  - consumption . 
everybody deserves respect ! get off your political agenda . that s not what this is about . is not about pimping pain with politics . 
i am  years old and no point in telling the story except be sure you know your neighbors your children are visiting .
there is a   - year  - old girl in my mind urging me to say at least one time right now . i am working with .
talking to a netflix series actress at a vancouver hotel bar and she is railing on hollywood whistleblowing  fascinating conversation
this article makes me sick ! yet i know it shows a fraction of reality ! julian assange & skeevy guys strike back 
a1 : i was blown away by how many posts i was seeing on my timeline . it was super powerful but also sad
actress elizabeth perkins names james woods at survivors march actress elizabeth perkins h .  via
the sheer magnitude of is overwhelming and heart  - breaking . i cannot comprehend it . and that s really fucked up .
don 't miss tan ara burke creator of campaign on campus tomorrow  cultural center theater ! 
both times i was in shock for at least  hours convinced it was my fault and i had asked for it somehow .
thank for giving all of us a voice ! thank you for bringing light to such a dark subject . 
hey is for serious shit only !  how do you think all those anime girls feel huh ? ii stand with them .
i ll never forget ending a run early in tears because i had been harassed beyond my limit for one day .  times over  miles .
feeds all flooded with posts .  angered saddened not surprised . so what are we going to do to make the world different ?
it breaks our hearts to have read so many times over the last few days . we believe you . we support you . we love you .
have you ever done yoga in and feel the teacher creeping around only to look up and see him taking your picture from behind ?
standing together in support of all of our brave friends colleagues & strangers who are sharing their s to 
in  case you missed  it : elizabeth smart speaks at by u talks about campaign
alyssa milano taking credit + sits doing interviews but will she donate or help the original creators organization ?
nothing cowardly at all . twitter is a public space and one can feel very vulnerable . isn t a right of passage xx
because i have to constantly watch my back because i have been followed and cat called one too many times
i don 't want to it s hard to acknowledge . it feels victim  - y . it was betrayal violence misogyny .
so grateful to tune in to show reply : phenom driving through this check podcast ! 
let  s blow this old boys molest fest wide open . clean house ( and senate ) .
it was a girlfriend . she was on top . i was too scared to say i was uncomfortable . now you know all my details . i hope you don 't ask anything .
jewish gold medalist aly raisman talks about abuse by team doctor 
his sisters husband is a journalist . someone took my nude photo and plastered l . a . calling me a whore during the trial .
too many words for twitter so more here . too long, didn't read.  - incidents were from former bosses . 
) or know of a female family membe who has experienced it the numbers are far greater then what s reported
students are often vulnerable . advisors that take offenses seriously and offer support are the best role models !
a2 : forcing survivors to relive assaults . it s difficult to avoid w / the news in general but felt inescapable during
happy to see something so powerful like this open so many eyes about the topic .
on elevator man said he was raped as a boy & asked me to raise statute of lims for raping kids .
i wonder when this campaign will spill over in the music industry . sadly prince has already passed away .
great to see trending this morning . we can make matter only if this reckoning is taken offline and used to stop abuse . 
male soldiers took our towels and clothes and would sit on the wall to watch us shower during desert storm
how about the guy when i was in  5 th grade who was a life guard at the local pool who pulled back my bathing suit top
unfortunately persists even in progressive work places . i wish i could tell my students something more hopeful . 
i told my other supervisor who in turn told hour . hour in turn told me they couldn t do anything because it happened outside of work and if i was uncomfortable then i could choose to relocate to a lower performing store the outlet .
a guy angry i broke up with him once told me i was only hired as a reporter because i have a nice rack . i just won a national emmy . 
but there are great men who stand with us . the men in my family colleagues friends have never made me feel anything less than .
greater los angeles leadership change in foster care the largest in the usa . 
laughing  my fucking ass  off that one friend who always has to  1 up you even at having a shitty life . 
guys that denial  of  normal  t even know they  reply the reason why i  m tweeting
instant  message watching talk show anne will right now . i love it !
nope . i  have been very outspoken and vocal on this issue long before weinstein scandal and even i find the whole hash creep
to the senior exec who called me into his office walked behind me pressed his erect penis into my backside you are the problem
and all of the people on fb saying how they were strong enough to stand up for themselves are making me want to vomit
and yet the keeps getting used against trump & yet hillary the dnc and bernie are the predators enablers & abusers .
in unprecedented move sony pictures will reshoot kevin spacey  s part in  all the money in the world  
i was roofied at a party by one of my husband  s ex  - coworkers . so think before you denigrate those using it can happen anywhere . 
just found out that the  year old guy with smiley  kid picture in the cube next to me still has his job yep anger doesn t even begin . 
that s good . i was abused by my father from   -  and i am a survivor . i know exactly what you re going through .
i happened to read this amazing rebecca solnit essay on the bus this morning . fitting for the week of 
an interesting comment thread with a gop douchebag who doesn t think trump is a predator .
hour were fruitless . one reason i started my own business in my mid  -  3  0 s was to no longer have to work with creeps who treated me as
i don't know if i  have shared this yet but instant  message finally at a place where i can talk about it
instant  message a warrior . i know that if my strength resiliency and courage got me through this they can get me through anything . (
multiple times but the first was when i was a  year old candy striper and a stranger tried to get me in his car .
it took me three days to type that . some things are so uncomfortable you never want to think about them .
i was walking down the street when a man made eye contact then mimed squeezing my breasts . i was wearing this
thought  - provoking thread from my friend thank you for adding your voice to the conversation . 
i  ve had a guy hold my hands and tell me i should go out with him because my manager said it would be okay
alyssa milano on campaign :  i wanted to take the focus off the predator 
why don 't you and tom do a pop single ? the top  would be a great way to get an important message across . (  )
i  m overwhelmed by all the tweets . family members boss neighbor mentor pedestrian sitter  friend   - we  reply isolated no more . 
facebook disclosed that nearly of it s users are friends w / someone who posted stories can change the .
potential for the human societal trust ( i . e . music ) . the perverts have destroyed a lot of it which is y it s our duty to change this .
progress has been impressive . but must be held accountable in order to achieve real change and justice
the past two days have been tough . had to go to my attackers hood for my work . and yesterday was day .
a good question from the author . there are so many reasons the campaign is important  - even if nothing more than a sense of
look how pretty old fat trump looks in hillary  s blouse !
perfect  from me ! nancy hogshead  - makar : shows need for tighter rules in club and olympic sports via
i support you . i believe you . you don 't have to share your experience just because i shared mine . know that i am with you .
they like to smear your name ruin your reputation tell lies physically or emotionally harm if you don 't cooperate .
throughout headshot as i got unwanted nasty texts from guys who were turned on by my innocence and took it as a  challenge 
heart broken to see all the tweets but also amazed and inspired by everyone s courage .
another issue under discussion which intersects with the values of the left is the social media campaign . thoughts ?
where is my second chance to live without the scars of violence and trauma ? all this energy and compassion for repeat abusers .  
. is a phony that clearly believes her twitter  - induced hype . someone should tell her that being brave takes courage . 
zane anthony reported on the admissions of guilt in the posts . a really interesting article . thanks zane . 
denial  of  normal  t overlook the men who have been abused and fear saying in public
harvey weinstein opened the floodgates in sweden w / pc mafia now going down as sex predators . crocodile tears .
me too way to many times to count just over and over and over every where i went boy the stories i could tell  - 
a male classmate thought it was appropriate to grab my ass . i slapped him and he did it again . i was in  5 th grade .
now that it s bill is suddenly a bad guy . funny how that works right
the campaign doesn t actually achieve anything if you don 't name names . i have no problem fighting faces but posting two words .
thanks for sharing .  rt the ugly truth of print shows penises and | print media centr  via
talking about with our mother s  - read full story for latest details .
because afterwards i was scared confused and felt it was my fault . no one deserves to feel like their body is not their own .
a statement to our community regarding the recent campaign from your dean of students office : 
reading tweets it s apparent of victims were under age . getting a pass indicative of how ingrained culture is .
please understand the power the movement was actually launched over  years ago by a black activist via
how will change what  s been done to us ? how can we start a conversation if we aren  t allowed to talk about what we  ve gone through ?
once a photographer i was working with at a press event asked me where i lived so he could take pictures of me through my windows .
great web log post on self  - care during the movement by 
/ there s nothing can do to the old man who shoved his crotch up against me the first time i ever travelled alone on a bus .
yes her too . consensual relations can t exist when one person has power over other . monica lewinsky tweets 
james mcclean ; that  s what happens when you harass hollywood movie stars for years . shame on you .
she was more worried that i d cut my hair in a way my mother didn t like than the fact that i was trying to lop my breasts off
i thought that children s show was shunning weinstein . holy shit was i wrong
molested and raped by my biological father at the age of  which led to further instances of molestation .
because i was  the first time i was sexually harassed  the  2 and &  when i couldn t live with myself & tried to take my life .
seriously abusers assaulter s rapists etc . reveal yourselves . why should victims be the only ones to bare their souls ?
and the fact that i feel incredibly uncomfortable even posting this is part of the problem . 
were watching you you bull some leading lawyer bullshit and pedo city will be unveiled . the truth will be told .
great interview top npr news executive mike or eske s resigns amid allegations
for all s out there there is help a path of action ! if your a or survivor call or chat please rt 
i jumped over an office desk to escape the coworker who cornered me at night . i was too scared to tell my boss .
i was alone w / my baby property mgr let himself in w / his key when i protested he got in my face & said he could do what he wanted
it appears as though harvey opened the make door to all  me too  ers  in hollywood whether the claims are true or not . after all libs do lie
first day of headshot . wasn  t worried about being asked on a date by a creepy  year old . that came later when i was  and he was  .
) i have scars on my body and in my mind of these experiences . i will carry them with me for the rest of my life .
thank you for having the strength and courage to speak out . i was  the first time and didn t tell anyone until i was in my  4  0 s .
have you seen loved ones post  me too  ? the campaign is important but how do we respond ? via
you   all want to talk about rape culture okay then i ? came to play .
listen to tara na burke explain why she started the movement
first time i remember feeling threaten e was at my job at a movie theatre in indy . i was  . and scared . he was my boss .
just tried to go to my seat and a guy i brushed past said don 't push me around . then l .  why do fat bitches try to come to bars
sometimes you need to just unplug from real life . thanks for an incredibly night of laughter .
absolutely brilliant . every girlfriend of mine please read these and let your heart fill with hope .
because i was too afraid to speak about it . didn t investigate . still paying for a crime comm tired to me . fear is horrible
check this out ! rt the stories have initiated an important conversation across the country . in a new aca blogs post christine  
sobering and painful today reading about friends always here if you need it . you  reply not alone . 
o a esv board member has written a powerful web log post about : .
a teacher took advantage of me when i was  years old . you don 't tell because you are ashamed & won t be believed . just as he said .
/ friends & partners can sexually harass . consent isn t irrelevant . it becomes abuse . it can be your friend or you . check yourself .
i wrote this in response to i see you . i believe you . i hope that other men will read this . 
year  old instant  message not here talking about my pain as a sexual assault survivor instant  message talking about my rage . rage = productive .
i hate hearing this . i read his account . he didn t say so but it sounded like a roofie situation . i hope not . this selfish disrespectful and harmful behavior has to stop .
i feel so encouraged by all the small voices taking on big names who wronged them . it is truly heartening .
you ll probably have better luck with on hot topics harvey levin & didn t even cover  minute video and it was about him and 
thread : please read a long to find out more about an event occur ig this sunday ! 
it is probable that your mother has also been harassed abused or assaulted ; true of mine & to all  of my sisters ; some nieces too
everything doesn t always end like a law and order special  victims un it episode
i d love to see an all female executive team for the next season we need that right now just in case you re into it !
my fb feed this morning made me cry . every . god damn . woman . 
i  have been happy to see the conversation take on a life of it s own continuing well past the hashtag and into 
it  s never okay and i didn  t ask for your advances . i didn  t dress a certain way or lead you on . it  s on you .
they didn t stop . we got sent to peer mediation . me them an  8 th grade neutral party alone in room . to work out differences .
they denial  of  normal  t like us loud because then we run the risk of them getting caught .
aj plus : meet tara na burke  the original creator of the campaign .
can be a powerful way of reclaiming narratives of sexual abuse but it is also a powerful way of silencing identities of non computer  information  science women
as my little niece grows up i  m equally worried about her safety and the toxic disgusting male mentality in india . i support
we are putting together a bill in light of these type of issues & to make dating within work illegal
wow  - a must read to understand the impact of sexual assault . diana nyad : my life after sexual assault
in my part time job as a personal trainer it s literally at least  1 x a week .
when will things change ? when will powerful people + institutions start listening to victims instead of doubting and judging them ?
yeah because people like you bullied the poor girl into not reporting .  she is telling the truth . nelly raped her
i hope that the scandal unravels hollywood and exposes more dredges of the industry . also very proud of the brave people
we hope our web log post lessons learned : before and after can assist those who are new to their careers .
when i was in jhs my science teacher gave me a ring like one for my finger . he used to check each day to see that i was wearing it .
instant  message glad a dam has broken and and what is wrong with these powerful men and what is wrong with our world ? ( 
happened  me and when i spoke out i was labeled a liar . family hates me and the aunt is now dead . hope she  s rotting in hell .
great web log by on why harvey weinstein and might not be watershed moment for younger generations . 
touching panel w / this is worth talking about + importance of power of listening & amplification
we need to make it a goal to make the world safe and welcoming enough that ivanka finally feels comfortable saying
to see a distinguished professor write on facebook that is surreal . that s how widespread perverts are running am ok . disgusting .
many of us have carried shame our whole lives . we were strong enough to admit but want the burden placed on the predator so shifted
you re why i  have never liked or wanted to date you . sure you bring flowers but not all of you believe in equality .
i was sexually abused by a lesbian from the age of   -  . she went on to become a bi and got married and had a family .
a song for survivors . quiet by the brilliant shatters the weight of silence and shame . listen :
want to take action after inspiration of join us tonight for our national vigil for survivors .
students storm class at columbia to protest university s handling of rape cases
was told he was teasing me it meant he liked me or that i shouldn  t let him walk behind me . full year dodging this creep  /
ascension behavioural lock is in place so at least i won t get sex crazy . me too me too happening not much is changing on my end .
didn  t want everyone to see my pain but i wanted all you brave souls to know i  m with you in yours .
and this campaign has opened up a lot of suppressed feels for me .  not sure if that s bad or good .
i  ve shared my childhood experiences with a few friends . i denial  of  normal  t like to talk about it but
i  ve been seeing my feed flooded by and i  ve not known the best way to signal my support . the  like  button .
we denial  of  normal  t care bill o  reilly you abusive rapist
you re not alone n this either . for  what it's  worth i  have since learned in therapy that it s a survival response from the lizard brain not a choice
i was touched inappropriately & talked to inappropriately by two bosses in media . didn t say anything . afraid to lose my job
yes it is difficult to compose one  s thoughts on the issue when confronted with the multitude of grossly inappropriate circumstances one has endured over one  s life . where to begin ? the age of  for 
what the hell is wrong with people . these are older people from my hometown . this is why is important . it always starts with a look .
maybe creepy guys thought silences would protect them forever . i  m not surprised they  d think that . 
am i the only one having a good cry after posting my story & reading everyone else s ?
keep yours prayers put real action into stopping child predators . 
the only question i have is this : if he really did do something that terrible four decades ago why bring it up now ? via
i was young working for a fortune  company & many times i had to endure unwanted & unwelcome behavior .
the campaign manager who called me sweetie & honey because g  - d forbids he d learn the name of a volunteer who came every week
you are not alone . many seeing the conversation are having a or  . please reply with your favorite technique !
i have thought this is why i am overweight . as a teenager it started i felt this was my worth . ruined the opinion of myself . go
i denial  of  normal  t have a story but to those who do we are here to listen and support you . you are loved and we hear you .
because apparently saying no means you just aren t sure plus i really like you so .  and welcomes them to grope my body
caller : when others saw the volume of it felt really shocking for them . but i  have been getting a lot of support .
at  i went to the garda and made a statement . my mother told me that i would ruin my brothers lives
one hour away : join us live on facebook to talk solutions after & workplace
verbally abused physically abused threatened sexual assault years ago still hesitant to share
rt this if you still carry your ( oval useless ) car  key  between your knuckles in case someone attacks you 
secrets unravel when courageous former members like speak out vs unethical doctors and so  - called successful leaders 
abusers use power to abuse . the idea that your career & years of effort can be derailed by  person is paralyzing . they count on it .
at  a man called my house asked for me by name and when i said it was me told me he was masturbating . that was the first time .
proud to join my to finally address this problem one that has gone on for all too long . 
i  m so open about every other part of my life except one . i can count on one hand the number of people i  ve confided  (
me anyway . thankfully we both heard someone coming and i took the distraction to get away .
i developed early & looked old for age . when guys found out i was younger they saw me as defenseless & my nos were ignored .
when an event security guy tells you they re going to find a reason to cavity search you
when you didn t feel safe in your own home by a parent who was supposed to protect you . yeah
my  sisters in law hadn t spoken for nearly  years . hated each other . but there they were . supporting each other . think about it
no means just that and nothing else . let s stand up & protect our daughters sisters wives girlfriends and every woman out there
many more but fear of reprisal internalized shame self blame contribute to the silence . time to turn that around .
there were times i  have been sexually harassed but i can also count the times . i think part of the point of is too many ve lost count .
the tweets . instant  message here to support you and believe you and kick the bastards out who do it as part of their party ideology .
here s my amazing friend writing about how to change the culture of abuse in hollywood . 
buckle up abbottabad ladies together we can make a history that will never be forgotten .  help us by contributing your presence and make this seminar that no one can forget easily proud being female . abbot tix me too abbottabad
now this news : wnba star breanna stewart revealed she was molested as a child in a heartbreaking essay
we wish to give proper credit to the movement and make sure every survivors contributions and voices are .
i was raped twice and it took me a long time to tell someone .
required reading : article in the nyt on the responsibility of the artistic genius . absolutely necessary very accurate and balanced description of how existing power structures shape the debate . 
and it beat minimum wage by a couple of dollars an hour . sixteen years old forty hours a week : i felt lucky . 
awesome sauce guys !  up from   yesterday !  keep spreading the word and getting donations ! we can do this !  donate here :
bob weinstein accused of inappropriate behavior by female television producer 
as i see all the many w / heartbreaking detail my heart breaks . i am praying  healing . praying  change . praying  action .
a  5 th grade classmate my high school german teacher my sergeant a csm my subordinate . too many army males .
retweeted nikki dubose ( i was raped by my mother and a male family member sexually .
the sad part is .  i denial  of  normal  t know a single woman who couldn  t say
if you read only a single piece about make it this one by a rare article that with deep clarity and sharpness captures a great multitude of angles and emotions . 
just this . just keep reply  - tweeting this !  view tweet this must go viral . 
you need to realise that perpetrators of are not the big bad invisible boogie man . everyone has work to do .
words can not describe how sorry i feel for you having known the pain and the burden .
founder of on the panel as well . guests will be taking questions from americans & discussing measures for change in the workplace . 
healing begins when you understand it s not your fault . you did nothing wrong and this will not define you
taking a stand begins generation ( as parents ) so that our children don 't suffer these awful intrusions 
instant  message so sorry that happened to you . i shared my stories on facebook .
hurtful behavior is so common . we accept harsh words and criticism as normal . so why bother trying to change ? 
and on a day that people shared stories brown made a very bad veto . we must and support survivors . 
if you have been sexually harassed or assaulted people are posting to illustrate the magnitude of the problem
appreciate sense of community of but am sadden e by how system i the problem we must do better for our daughters
i  ve kept silent . i  m picking up the pieces of my life still . i  m putting myself back together . it  s in unity that i find strength .
is the latest hashtag against sexual abuse . what happened  sexual assault agencies were pushing ?
rt rose_leadem : learn from talk walker a brand that did a great job adding to the social initiative .
entrepreneur : rt rose_leadem : learn from talk walker a brand that did a great job adding to the social is n't  it 
to everyone feeling afraid of excluded by conflicted about & the language & identity issues it  s ruffling : sending all my love
so why does roy moore have to go but donald trump get to stay ?
so sad that this is the world we are raising our children in . we need to change this for our girls !  
i wrote a short piece for on listening to the voices of long after the hashtag is over : 
3 novices : bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet juanita broaddrick who has long accus 
during middle & high school male classmates would grab my butt undo my bra fondle me and then make fun of me for being too curvy  /
great news ! but where is the outcry for removal from office ?  + allegations we need and gone from politics !
was told by police he comes from an influential family & you don 't . don 't do this to yourself ( press charges ) . then he stalked me .
here is a for the men and boys and teens in pak as well . we denial  of  normal  t talk about your histories enough . a hashtag is a start .
over  years ago and i remember it was yesterday . not just being raped but it being someone i trusted and others do nothing
i  m so sorry that happened to you . proud of your bravery . busy that shit wide open .
is the appropriate men s response to men should take responsibility for not standing up when it matters !
because honestly fuck your list if it ain t got victims resources which i still have not seen
i heard that he started telling everyone we weren t friends anymore because i was being a bitch .
no  year old girl wants to be cat  - called in the grocery store parking lot .
if i have to say all the things that have happened i would get lost in it and not be able to function . i have to keep my head up .
nothing  s changed .  more means zilch to montana judge . repeated sex assaults of girl . sentence = probation . 
kind   of seems like it would be easier to list the  guys in hollywood who haven  t committed a sex crime .
take no for an answer . maybe hit the gym if you re getting a lot of nos . anyway don 't be a penis .
i wonder how many who  ve used this hashtag have heard  it goes both ways ladies  from a man
it s up to survivors & allies ! who died & made him the paternal father !  more dominating our world fight  respect don 't trust 
defend him since the bartender was laughing at me and a very upset customer was ready to clock the fucker . i wanted it all to go away
i was  . he was a  year old doctor i worked with . was made to stand in front of him & supervisor to report incident .
if anyone wants my hot take on it s yours . spoiler alert toxic masculinity also deep mistrust of algorithmic solidarity .
agreed . it takes up so much energy for someone to deal with and is such a major distraction in the workplace . it is such a pain ! 
living with lucy come live with an abuse victim see real life
george homework bush disappointed thought he would be doing a ceremonial first ass grab .
nytimes : meet the woman who created long before alyssa milano said it 
it is not  men being men  it is a set of perverted males . identify them name them shame them push them into help . fortunately not
watch  official page  -  .  esp on da productions laughing  like  crazy on in hollywood . 
denial  of  normal  t forget all those who may not feel comfortable posting this online .
all the person needs is a listening ear that doesn t judge .  but cares enough to remind them their forgotten strength .
wired : rt f manjoo : this jessi writes piece on and the research on viral outrage is very good 
rt f manjoo : this jessi writes piece on and the research on viral outrage is very good 
wow . v brave of you to fillet yourself like that reply : allen film . also cool the donation . you got me to follow .
been so busy and with two broke finger one on each hand find difficult to type ! player   kill  - the hashtag is .
the number of who have been abused is staggering . as a man brother son & friend i ll do everything to stomp it out . everywhere .
it  s important to stand together and let your voice be heard ! it can be hard and scary but it matters !
i was  in the basement of my parents store . some guy took me into a closet he pulled his out & turned off the light .
i cannot believe these responses . how do you think these women felt when ghw said cop a feel and felt their ass ? it has to stop !
this crap drives me nuts . commiserating about being victims does nothing to stop the abusers . name and shame and bring them down .
of course these hoes would try to get louis ck fucking cunts with your bullshit
too many times just last weekend a stranger trailed me on his bike and grabbed my breast on a well  - lit downtown street . epidemic .
i have to take a deeper look at myself too my fears my wants and the reasons i kept my mouth shut for so many years .
women are not flattered when random strange men call them by familiar terms of endearment . if she wouldn  t call you that denial  of  normal  t !
tonight an important community discussion in response to the movement . join us at  :
had to repost . never should behaviour like this be normal . all posts simply break my heart and leave me speechless . 
don 't let misogyny win . bring back one of the best and most important shows of the year ! 
why come out v your personal bogeyman : changes way u feel from victim to victor  - you own your truth instead of your fear of him owning u
we believe you anthony . let s raise our fists for the bravery of your courage will help expose & flush out the predators .
. too much to drink . woke up to an unwanted guest doing unthinkable things while i was asleep . slept in the bathroom till the am
teach your sons brothers friends and male companions to recognize consent .
(  ) at  i finally told my mother of what i  d experienced & she very clearly said i must  ve done something to provoke it .
is another gutless parent  over  shoulder who thinks he is above the law like his boss .  right roy ? !
together we are so damn strong if i only had sisters like you ladies are a couple of years ago .  love you
ladies speak out against the predators or nothing can be done . together you are stronger
i  m concerned that i have yet to hear a latina in hollywood say is their position in the industry so precarious they  ve opted for silence ? stranger things  
also i  m wondering why isn t trending because my social feeds are flooded . algorithmic bias at play ? sigh   /
tara na burke : i was concerned that it would be a moment instead of a movement . started  years ago
also at a beach . at  . he was in late  2  0 s . i was able to get free from his grasp and run away back to my friends at a bonfire
asean nation  - asean security stupid ( ass ) fail  2 stop gangsters of sexually abuse women bcos  2 many ass  - hole asian politicians !
when women defend abusers they can make it a little bit harder for other women to come forward
i believe i denial  of  normal  t know a single woman who can  t say today .
reading all of these tweets and posts just breaks my heart . bless all of you warriors who have ever or still are going through that
amazed and horrific to hear that i am not alone .  we must raise our boys to be better . this is not okay !
so where is barbie wheelchair span is also gay ken transgender ken drag queen ken .  okay you get the point .  if made for one must make for all .  oh yeah don 't forget ken barbie .
this is a post for awareness . i  have been raped groped rubbed on cat called & generally objectified while wandering this earth .
gentleman you may have noticed a few posts in your news feed in the past  hours . perhaps it s making you .
i  m reading it at  and marvel at the strength it must have taken to tell this . it  s hard . peace sister .
can see they  reply not alone and feel understood even without saying a single word .
re watching hamlet less weird than to make sense of twitter .  and .  at college harassing from more than one person source
the wants to end the number of young victims . add your voice to and prevent another
so dumb and irresponsible . that is demonstrably incorrect . viewers expect their claims to be backed up by research & facts . they do the truth a real disservice by spewing that crap while claiming to be fair & balanced .
los angeles  bobby cagle transfers from go  ahead to la largest foster system in us
i don 't feel so alone now . to all my sisters who have experienced this i stand with you i believe you and you are loved .
as the dad of an amazing  daughter this scares the hell out of thank you for your bravery in posting
i was  . not pretty . told never to discuss it . forget it ever happened . that was  years ago . he still has all the power .
at    .  thank you all for coming out about this i never said anything i felt ashamed thought it was my fault i see it s not 
is a powerful movement . i am fortunate to not have had a personal experience but i know it s out there and i hope for change .
me too . her too . him too . them too . we see u . we hear u . we believe u . we are with u . our voices r strong  - our stories r powerful .
so disturbing but proud of all who continue to speak up about personal experiences . strength to 
for anyone needing soothing & support for read in posts here is a beautiful & important thread . thank you 
my own friends said i was a liar a hoe a tease a bitch for  leading him on  i was innocent scared and vulnerable
they are lying to protect their drug dealer .  said i was a liar & it didn t happen & he didn t appreciate me accusing his friend .
too many times in my career in radio & pharma sales . hour is a joke only there to protect the company from potential lawsuits .
once when in the army a sgt raped me . i did report it but he claimed it was consensual & the court decided not enough evidence .
it s great to be alive i could have been killed . set up by two sisters who pretended to be my friend . beware who you trust .
when you live with it for so long you almost forget that it s a crime . what   ever learned to normalize it and this needs to change .
i congratulated a high  - level television exec on his promotion . his response ? so that means you ll have sex with me now right ? he didn t .  
did someone put an arm around your shoulders and grab your balls ? casually place a hand on your knee and work it slowly up ? shut up .
seeing all these stories is really heartbreaking . we have all got to be better than this . none of this is okay .
being whistled while walking down  college groped on public transport or just being stared at every time you step out of the house .
 georgia dfc s head is coming to run your immediate are a foster care services ? what might this data b used for ?
the creep who masturbated next to my friends and i when we were trying to watch a film at a movie theater .  we were still in headshot .
proud of all those sharing their stories w / female hollywood elites coming out of the shadows shows that no one is exempt !
devastating but i  have been able to put myself back together . but my story of being retaliated against for being good at my job  /
why did that take so long ? why was that so hard ? probably the same reasons we don 't talk about it when it happens .
i got pregnant . the rapist insisted i abort . my boss said i had  choices : abort & keep my job or get fired .
teach boys & girls from a very young age what  s appropriate & inappropriate . 
in light of the campaign and many people sharing their experiences here are  things you shouldn  t ask .
i have been harassed too many times to remember  on the street on the bus at school at work .
i  ve been groped masturbated in front of told to smile cat called . from clubs to bright midday in public .
for making my rapist and molester scared . by creating an environment where is possible . maybe someday i will be recognized for what i do rather than what happened to me .
in m . s . we had a teacher who liked to come up and grab male students by the waist . i wish i  d said something when he did it to me
thank you . my parents asked me what was and why i posted about it . i finally told them my experience .
because the first thoughts that went through my head were how i wanted to kill myself . i  have come a long way from there
you don 't have to be a public figure for your experience to count . we are all valuable . your voice can help others be brave . 
mom told me she and my grandmother were both innocent while being molested as teens . but that i knew exactly what i was doing at
if you think instant  message saying this to be a jerk you re wrong . it can happen to boys too !
when i told my mom what had happened she said & believed . but someday i want to bond with my daughter over cookies not trauma .
 one in four girls and one in six boys will be sexually abused before they turn  years old . 
video surfaces of an obviously drunk moore aggressively kissing  year old at a party :  i was a child
walking a long the street in bangkok with then boyfriend guy on motorbike drives past and grabs my breast .
in high school in college walking down the street and in two corporate jobs .
us in almost any realm from school to work to church has no space for third party reports calls it
so glad that media is shining light on smthn that was ignored for so long ! ladies you are not alone . 
it haunts you . it makes you feel like you did something wrong . someone you trusted can do it to you . but remember you are not alone
a random stranger at age  my uncle at age  a co worker at age  my boss at age  my ex  - husband whenever he felt like it
lesley prof says in a powerful account of a job interview early on in her record industry career 
totally blocked out the memory of being inappropriately touched in the library while working as a librarian . for  your  information he went to jail .
had that feeling yesterday . confirmed today : watch closely the . it has been taken over to steer away from and the elites power plays . as explained here on .
the conservative indian family i have on facebook couldn t bare to face any remotely uncomfortable topic so twitter is all i have .
sending love to those who had suffered n survived this because it was . you all have served hero s to your lives n we are proud of you .
when king killer david leader of jews put uriah to death when abused girls god is just . punish ent came to david will come to w . that is
i  m glad you stayed this . i  m floored by what i  ve seen posted today . and ashamed for my gender .
take action early and significant . sexual assault is sexual assault no matter of what type . it shall never be ignored .
i thought i had somehow signaled that i wanted it . i was wearing a crew  - neck t  - shirt and baggy clothes . i was so confused .
heartbroken to see how many of my fellow sisters are tweeting . however we are strong we are beautiful and it is never our fault
live in want to show solidarity or are you a survivor ? join us for a protest  .  cheltenham
& the times that i  have heard you asked for the attention or just play a long or come on it s a compliment and i work in hour ! 
me too . in every company from high school in mcdonald s to the hotel industry to higher education .
been reading the posts and listening  - thanks trevor for this response a positively framed rallying cry .
is live on talking to tara na burke who started the movement and she 
sending love to everyone who s feeling chronically nauseous today . you can t come at them with pitchforks without a self  - care regimen
tried to create a thread of a sexual harassment experience i went through . it was truly upsetting to relive . i messed up my thread .
from the confession to the weinstein saga to the current kevin spacey ( house of cards actor ) revelations .
geez ! i  m sorry this happened to you portia ! all these stories are making me sad ; but they need to be told !
what an incredible statement was for the ten seconds before guys decided to start using it too . for shame .
when u walk without your husband & visibly re lying on your cane more but only your hands & face r visible in somewhat loose clothing & get groped
ing to see how many friends & loved ones have been posting . almost couldn t bring myself to .  but saw this . but
i was alone on the subway one night and a guy stared at me and masturbated . afterwards i felt lucky it wasn  t worse .
i  have been warned about watching my drink so much that i was genuinely surprised i only got drugged twice in college
quite frankly the ceo memo to employees had lots of words but said nothing ; too funny .
to the ones who held my hand & gave me strength to say not anymore . thank you .
came from behind pinned me against counter started grindin i finally broke free hid in linen closet (
just saying doesn  t change anything . it would also mean tagging the guy who tried to force me to have sex with him after prom .
rando guy asked me on a date . i told him i have boyfriend . he was pissed and slammed a door in my face .
will you start posting the truth now or continue to hide & encourage like monsters ? 
lyft driver kept locking the door and wouldn t let me out until i gave him my number . told me he knew my address now .
i had  incident where i was harrassed at work . he worked for me . his co  - workers had to set him straight when i couldn t .
a society without any governing moral authority ( also  known as god ) has a moral system based solely up on power and will always resort to violence and oppression .  always 
i wasn t going to write about this especially since my family can read this page but after reading .
has brought to life a wash of clarity about so many moments i dismissed inappropriate male behavior and what i realize now .
 what would happen if one woman told the truth about her life ? the world would split open .   muriel r u keyser
the global sex  - pest panic echoes a dark moment from history . the return of recovered memories 
hey guess what ? starts in  minutes . grab a cup of coffee & come hang with us for an hour ! today we discuss
why you re seeing on friends social media pages  - cnet : actress alyssa milano is credited for spreading the  
too many times to mention too many ways . and i did report it and i did suffer the consequences . hence my career stalling .
exactly . it doesn t matter when you came forward or if you choose not to . i support you sister . 
because if someone ever needed to hear my story i feel good enough sharing it .
multiple times including age  by a stranger who broke into our home
it happened during the day in front of witnesses & on camera . reported  police . not properly completely investigated . i don 't count .
as a child and a teenager . because those t asked me safe still question me & i pray my daughter never has to utter
alyssa milano wants to go beyond social media
i was raped at  and kept silent for  years . after healing i made a career working with other victims .
nearly all girls on my facebook have posts  - many with painful raw unimaginable details . where are all the corresponding
imagine if we stopped victim blaming and started teaching consent proactively
i posted about my rapist from ten years ago and took it down . nice job silencing victims
campaign shines light on those sexually harassed or assaulted  - abc news  - via how about trump ?
in  high school pizza job . i was threatened by a manager knife when i wanted him to stop grabbing me while i cooked pizza .
sharing my thoughts on the weinstein scandal as well as my own experiences on the web log : 
to  friends who are on fb . what s going to be the end game for this local scandal . ( i am so not surprised about this . )
with  regard  to awareness is a + but outrage benefits social media because . captures attention . drives engagement ( shares likes = ad $) not action
it s taken some courage for me to finally write it . many times of varying degrees . in public and private .
i & all stand w every person who thought  me too  but doesn  t feel comfortable saying  whatever reason
once again kudos to all those who dared to share their real life experiences on thank you for breaking the silence .
thanks for your courage .  check out mine you would be perfect for the part of survivor .
 ladies you  reply going to want to hear my opinion on this business 
i love how people can even take the hashtag and find something wrong with it .
looking to take action after host what were you wearing ? survivor art installation for free . how : 
the amazing contacted me because she wanted to put my prayer  - poem to music & images . we both hope it brings comfort .
a few weeks ago we trended how many years did you wait to say that ? how long were you silent ? repos with your years of silence . make it viral .
those in authority who knew what was going on and did nothing needs to be fired as soon as  possible
when will the many trump abused assaulted grabbed oles ted get the courage to speak up ? 
brian gon gol : after a week of it s time to ask  -  - are social  - media sites rewarding good behavior ? .
when i posted i knew which instance i was thinking of specifically . but it brought back a memory from  years ago i suppressed .
i am tired of having to confess to someone else  s crimes .  - this sums up why felt vulnerable and sad
i felt like it was my fault . i asked for it . my husband helped me through it . because even my own parents didn  t believe me .
me too is a painful reminder of how important & really is . check  - in in the moment & for month after .
so sorry for all of you that you had to go through this .  this needs to end right now .  lots of love and respect from belgium
the hollywood ladies should name names for justice and to prevent further instances
i have only shared the details with a very few trusted friends . i say this publicly for those who cannot . i have been raped twice .
- my changed the course of my life . & i wrote so more could understand the indelible impact these crimes have on us
twitter users in & throughout the world show support for sex assault survivors with
it s working ! proof positive of fbi threats from unethical lawyers hired by on this twitter account !
because somehow having boobs at  made me more mature than all the other girls & i should  ve been lucky older boys were grabbing me
n & o  george h . w . bush apologizes for groping actress multiple news outlets report
fox news : bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet 
bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet  - fox news 
she called me over toward the section with the tasty kakes and asked if i knew that guy . i shook my head no and started crying .
when a relationship counsellor tells you that if you don 't have sex with your husband whenever he wants he has a right to leave .
 my pain is everyday  : after weinstein  s fall trump accusers wonder : why not him ? 
this is my web log on it includes a really interesting discussion fostered by my cousin 
1 stop  that job out of college . company womanizer began rubbing my shoulders . instinct ly yelled gross ! he was too embarrassed to try again .
instant  message sorry to hear your story but thank you for sharing it .
no shame whatsoever . that s why i made the chat public . the survivor is never at fault . we did nothing wrong .
for two days now  not that bad  or  lucky it was just .   or  could  ve been worse  really speaks to the problem 
sadly is the harsh and cruel every day lived experience of more than half the human race . 
in fact there are two members of congress republican and democrat right now who serve who have been subject to review or have not been subject to review but have engaged in sexual harassment [ congresswoman ] speier said .  
that there s worth bragging rights sir . i received  phone numbers over  years of high school .
took a while to realize he was following me didn t just live in the building . what if i d thought no and just gone to my apt ? .
when i was in junior high my history teacher used to make jokes to the class implying i was in a porno . everyone laughed
gad fcs head going to run the usa largest foster care on heels of disclosures .  imagine that
look at mitch s face . watch closely after this lunch hell be the next to post a weigh in on social media .
actress talked harvey weinstein this morning on watch in full :
i worked at college campus security office .  day my supervisor decided to handcuff me to a chair while he joked about hitting on me .
but my faith has become my healing . god is the great inviter . perfect gentleman . waits for a gives us free will and respects it
the fact that we get up every day and face the world again and again shows our power . 
.  so i told my mom i made it all up to get attention and it all went away .  for everyone else .
but it happens a lot less when i walk around with an  pound dog and a     guy . but the minute i start waking to class .
my penus was repeatedly grabbed & yanked by she forced me to semen in her mouth  -  - ( playing the victim is cool now )
because it  s been  years and not a day goes by where i  m not afraid i  ll see him again and where i denial  of  normal  t relive that night
i hope men are also tweeting they also experience this from men who are older & in power in hollywoo place & everywhere else !
sometimes it takes the darkness of a sleepless night type the smallest hashtag no matter how important it is .
i share this feeling so deep dear sister in the fight naina devi there are at least a thousand on my .
great book television interview ! admire & respect what you are doing !
educate your daughters & sons  it  s never all   right  never spread the word respect
woke up feelin bad fat awkward  lifestyle leftist  sad about aftershocks ( mine and others ) anxious mad . happy saturday
a guy drove by in a car and cat called me . i was confused because i was  and didn t understand what was happening
because it doesn t matter if your single married are aged  and are  or are  years old and  wearing a dress pants .
denial  of  normal  t forget that started ( thank you ) . isn  t new . this story is so very old . 
when you harrass you take away a piece of confidence with you and leave a scar unseen . please stop it . respect is what we all need .
if you are in jhb tomorrow make sure you come out in support of our human rights . let your voice be heard . 
fed up with roy moore ? give to doug jones his opponent in the alabama senate race . donate here : 
because i lost count of the amount of times i  have seen someone masturbating on public transportation .
street  - harassed just last week . another : patted on the ass by a drunk friend in public .
been reading over the past few days . going   to signal boost use my ears and call out behaviour ( and use my ears  - worth repeating ) .
so many experience this kind of violence * daily  * we must change this toxic status quo . 
there is little i can add to the chorus of posts i  ve seen on social media over the last few days . but .
i don 't think i ll ever be comfortable giving all the details for fear of being judged they shouldn t matter though no means no .
my best friend was raped in high school . she  s gone now & can  t speak for herself so this one  s for her .
me too . if you re not okay with posting please know : we believe you . you are a survivor and you are brave .
new hollywood audition process needed . never meet any producer or director at their homes or hotel rooms unless your chaperoned .
if you denial  of  normal  t know what you  reply doing stop breathe think ask .
hi i was supposed to be hosting . i started by coming out : and well i guess u didn t miss much laughing  out loud ! woohoo !
are you sure you are smart enough to pursue a scientific career pretty little girl ? senior investigator to me in my early  2  0 s .
great question . amid outrage over our youth is critical to promoting gender equality .
white women fake allies too busy & at women s march but silent when called a whore .
me too . and it s not okay that we live in a world where this happens every day and elect people who have assaulted others .
it s wild to see crediting alyssa milano for erasing bi woc like tara na burke and instead crediting ww is violence 
hi lisa i got new project for you to investigate & interview former & current celebrities in chin korean .
not a victim ! strange guy walks up behind me & sticks his hand up my dress i eyed & froze him he never knew what happened to him
life for females is so fucking hard & unfair . what goes on in hollywood is a small part of life for females . a very small part .
please read this by about how to help kids navigate boundaries and to stay safe in a world ! 
sadly one incident of many was the groping of my body by two male classmates in our junior high art storage closet .
he called my dad up and said he was strung out from vietnam and needed some release & asked for me . i was in  5 th grade at best .
i avoid sitting at tables during professiona events because i got tired of finding the hand of one my peers on my thigh .
i was  he was arrested . to make it worse i had to tell my boss why i was gone and he made it a joke . he laughed when he saw me .
reality : sometimes we have to fight hard for our lives . have a support system ! they are there .
it  s so upsetting to see how many  s there are . you ladies are denial  of  normal  t let someone take you away from you .
it  s so upsetting to see how many there are . you ladies are denial  of  normal  t let someone take you away from you . 
thanks for the support . i needed to stop the secrecy . but i don 't want to fight name them and go to war .
i  m still not at the point in my life where i feel comfortable even talking about it with some of my closest friends & family but
no human being deserves to be abused or made to feel helpless or afraid . to all those and commend your strength & courage
i  have hesitated i always felt so lucky experiences so minor a pervert boner following me in a store a toucher on the bus . but
this was a female principal  -  1 stop  that negative revie teaching . kept asking newly  - married me to dinner w / hand on my knee . naive me
here s to every who s been re living every moment this past week just hoping everybody will stop talking about it
i felt like no one cared to listen . i didn  t matter . this experience caused deep self  - hatred for many years .
sometimes you have to write fiction  to work your way through things that happened almost  years ago .
the police and church both asked what i did to provoke it . i felt dirty like something was wrong with me .
the mother s and caretakers of society are rising up and beginning to demand the respect that we so deserve .
i was fired from an are school in after reporting a professor for harassing female students
i pretended to be asleep as he proceeded to grope my breasts when he put his hand down my pants i shifted in my sleep . he stopped .
she looked at me stony faced . said nothing . forget about me i said . what about the next generation ? abusers don 't stop abusing
this is a tough enough business as it is . call to action for employers to comply with the law respect our peers do what  s right . 
 i d never thought is call a right wing analyst courageous . i was wrong ! thanks for saying
whenever we did said or believed things that were discouraged our parents emotionally withdrew from us . they did so automatically and unconsciously rarely having any idea that this was occurring or that it was even possible !
listening hard to my sisters posting hoping this is a step in the right direction . 
rather than can we find any female that can say no right ? that s the issue . it s too pervasive . hashtag sad
thinks means that needs  teach henry that making jokes about players wives so he & can giggle is wrong
at a brand new job years ago and in high school to name a couple of particularly memorable ones .
i think it just happened today with the hashtag ! i  m glad someone else thought of it too !
a look at what could happen in the wake of and harvey weinstein from an gender studies professor
it s a little like the pussy hats . even an imperfect reason to show our universality our numbers winds up being incredibly powerful .
system not yet ready to talk these issues . many of us simply avoid ignore . this is just like .
we need to change the way we talk about rape harassment and violence .
when doing the tango really means going to work living life etc .
1 stop  that boss out of college would wr short shorts w o briefs & prop his legs up on desk whn i came in . he knew he was putting on a show  !
so the reads of were going ar ll until this moron decided to bring politics into it . this is a human issue in how we treat each other
thankful for the courage behind little discouraged with the accused was that wrong ? reaction .
in light of a great rule of thumb for anyone wondering if they are getting ready to say something terrible .
it took me a long time to remember how to love and understand who i was afterwards . but it did happen .
last year i had a student with ptsd & when his mother was explaining to me the symptoms i wanted to cry and tell her i already knew
the reach of it all the film executive hired private investigators including ex  - mossad agents to track actresses and journalists . harvey  s of 
u r wrong ! having been raped twice over  years ago i still have tears . she is for real
women esp daughters shouldn t be that desperate  - he s young and that s a situation waiting to happen !  women beware of
has been posted by many to show how common it is & encourage conversation on facebook and twitter > > 
i was  in college & my african algebra professor thought by touching me in his office would score me an a . i snapped on that son of a  bitch !
thinking more about this and how his fb is problem full of solidarity posts about right now
it doesn  t matter what someone was wearing if they were drinking or the type of relationship they had person who abused them
oh my  god . stopped at  perhaps because they felt peer pressure to join the bandwagon   yes we all fomo  d + made up shit for cred ! 
love and light to our sisters in coming forward to speak out and make change . 
hey take a long hard look at this .  get right with more than  of your consti u ents
we owe it  our mother s & google  it  retard child  create a conducive environment in which they can call out & without fear .
i have more than a single example of being followed .  most recently ? a couple of weeks ago .
it s going   to be lot when the left starts taking clinton s accusers seriously
i support you . i believe you . it s not your fault . you never asked for it . you are brave . you are loved . you are not alone .
as i watch friends help each other understand and discuss ways to be better .
me too . from grade school to college . from dance floors to my ex raping me after we had our final break up argument . i always ran .
waiting at a crosswalk and a hand starts caressing your butt . it s a first date . you d only met an hour ago .
a professor stared at my chest so i learned to hide in big clothes . i didn t realize that he was at fault not me .
former philadelphian tara na burke is the brains behind the much tweeted hashtag
and sometimes i feel like i denial  of  normal  t count as my experiences are fewer and milder than some friends .
were always expected to shut up and adapt . why isn t this reported more ? look how we are treated . fuck you for your sad reactions .
well said statement ! much respect . stay strong ! no one can ever take away your voice . 
i was  first job at a major corporation . he was a creep . i reported him and he was fired  days later . never be silent .
roy moore scandal in alabama might slow bannon  s insurgency gop leaders hope ! 
with her  8  0 th birthday happening in march perhaps this is another interview  - event for you and ms bron especially in light of
it s a mixture of horror and heartbreak to read all these posts . i want to say two things :  . instant  message sorry .
a boss introduced me to older friends as the teacher you wish you had . the one you d undress with your eyes . i was right there .
stopped eating outside . you eat worth  and pay rs  . what is this ? it s better to sit and enjoy at home .
all   right this is going   to be a long thread the story of my high school stalker
whether it  s on social media or to a friend or family member or silently to yourself finally say these  piercing words
this is true . we red flag you . also it s one more small cut on top of the thousands we experience from the cradle to the grave .
. this thread was sparked by a friends story . imagine if we all spoke our own . you don 't owe me yours and i don 't owe you mine .
posted by : with alyssa milano taught a master class in emotional in tell 
i recall herding my daughter & sister  - in  - law away from my childhood predator . 
every child deserves to be safe . help us to protect all children . learn more here :
for a sobering depressing look at reality scan your facebook feed right now . it s pervasive . it feels like it s all of us .
fuck you misogynistic conspirators that think refusing to teach children & young adults about consent makes it a non  - issue .
pilar marrero posted about a man getting so fed up with posts he suggested do something like a march against the grabber .
when women post about how makes being a victim trendy and women should  just speak up  when it  s happening . this is why they denial  of  normal  t
now this news : mckayla maroney has opened up about being molested at  by the u . s . team doctor
. alyssa _ milano on i wanted to take the focus off the predator  1  0  6  6 live
remember the days in middle school where boys scoop dunked girls boobs ? i do and that s why i stand with my arms crossed now
name names ! if they were every day guys they would be fired and maybe in jail . means this has to end . 
groped many times in middle school hallways classrooms ; in subways walking down the street . never in the workplace though .
so very sad to hear about how the women cast & crew of oth were treated . despicable & unforgivable behavior .  th will always be a refuge for me because of these strong women . much love to them all .
the person who kept harassing and bullying me pretty much worshipped this is an industry of monsters
uses  - a financial services research firm to stalk & harass employees ; a firm where his minions cover up overlook and bully those that dare complain .
oh .  more times than i can remember ! ( including high school by a teacher ) .
rt back chn nl : has the best of intentions  but it also underscores a big problem with social media .
wired : rt back chn nl : has the best of intentions  but it also underscores a big problem with social media .
could use a new reason to put the feet down in the morning ! thanks for giving me hope everyday !
sometimes u r brave enough  speak out & still nothing happens & u face retaliation & eeoc can  t help because your an in d contractor
i don 't want to do this because after all this time i still feel like i did something wrong . but that s part of the problem .
i believe you . thank you for just being you . there is life after the pain and you are not at fault . i love you & i stand with you .
in  case you missed  it says high tolerance  bad behavior sex trade corruptn reply alleg tn
i  m not sure why info doesn  t sync .  red tape ? kansas has made progress especially in comparison to some states .
i feel for everyone who were & are victims of sexual abuse . why did it take so long for these women to come out and take a stance ?
and are conversations long past due . pastors let s make our church homes safe ones .
to everyone who has come forward with thank you for your courage . to all survivors know that you are not alone .
i  m late but i was  working fast food & my older boss felt me up . but he said he was sorry . that was supposed to make it okay .
white women denial  of  normal  t support on issues that affect us but we stand shoulder to shoulder on issues for them and ourselves . (  4 of 5 )
remember for all the me too s there are many more who still can t bring themselves to type the words . no matter how long ago it was .
great article about the important work of who started the movement years ago . 
i  have never wanted to talk about my experience but sometimes it gets to the point i can t keep it in
listen to our discussion about  -  - we got a lot of calls tweets emails during this hour saying just that
thank you for your courage . i do believe is profound and seeing the on twitter makes an important point .
so i took care of everyone but me as usual . the man that intervened wasn t buying it nor were his friends . i didn t want a fight
let s remember that our experiences still count even if they aren t circulated on social media . for many it goes without saying 
i was a state senator and this damn political hack & lobbyists would corner me & grab my breast . doesn  t matter who or what you are
this brings up a lot of memories that i  d rather forget but they can  t be forgotten . feelings that can  t be ignored but only managed .
i made it beyond clear that a professional relationship was all i was interested in via email text & in person .
until their sober friend realized they were being fucking creepy by not walking away from us but we just crossed the street instead
i  m so fucking tired from writing this . i cannot imagine anything that went further for me but my love is there for you . strong
the tweet that kickstarted etc . hashtags can t replace a debate but they can raise awareness and be a starting point . 
love and light to everyone who posted i see you . i hear you . i believe you .
here s what i want survivors to remember about the hashtag : it s okay not to share . you re still a survivor and valued .
someone just wrote every female at some point in her life does . unfortunately so true . me too .
interesting development : after a facebook list names south asian academics . some say it  s a step too far .
 elizabeth perkins carried a sign saying james woods at a rally  
wow ! there is definitely strength in numbers in showing turning poison into medicine and karma into mission voice to
also  known as b w / non in women or as is quickly circulated about me large women and it s supported by this cutesy fucking list shit
is specifically about healing . instant  message so glad is joining the & our work to center survivors healing !
that write made me incredibly uncomfortable . hope she writes another operator  - ed that is more enlightened .
bring your partners brothers sisters parents & children to this important discussion on
i wonder if bill clinton is having nightmares or if rolling over and simply seeing hilary makes a stephen king nightmare seem comforting .
no thinking that because i had already given one to my ex boyfriend that i would be willing to give one to him . i was appalled and ashamed
 gad fcs leader to run usa largest foster care in los angeles on heels of
yeah you gambled a lot on the backstretch at santa anita racetrack trolling for young girls . they had a catchphrase when they saw you coming .
posted so many alrdy but here s  1 more :  3 rd grade  2 of us lured  2 fence at recess ( lost dog ) then he opened coat naked & masturbated
former miss ohio usa calls out kelly anne conway : ask trump why he was even in my dressing room
and just about every female friend i had in high school . some of them honestly didn t even realize until talking to me
some sick parent  over  shoulder tells me he wants to be inside me ( spoiler : he  s jacking off ) . my fault
through many years of therapy & a wonderful husband & god i am healing it is slow & painful but worth it . i for all to be healed
maybe we should just list the names of men who have not behaved inappropriately or are guilty of sexual misconduct . it might be a short list .
as a dad of  young girls the tweets make me sad & mad . as the dad of a young man the tweets make me act .
about a week later that one nosy neighbor walked by and saw him masturbating on his car while watching us play
one of my assaulter s is writing a book from prison about how he thinks he s not a piece of shit . 
instant  message so old i can remember when people using the me too hashtag voted for a rapist then voted for his enabling wife .
i packed my bags called my parents left and gave up singing . the emotional damage was deep and it took me years to recover .
funny ; my stepfather molested me when i was in my room and in bed asleep . i wonder what they d say i did to deserve it ? 
discussed with class & how a movement for good can go viral we were surprised how many men used tell their story
the first time it started i was  . it went on for  years by  different men . i buried my truth until i went to college . but not broken 
for all the posts is this about the point when some self  - righteous jerk comes a long and screams all assaults matter ?
thanks for saying here s hamilton s the room where it happened about consent :  + seeing your chi show !
i really hate the fact that most of my female friends have posted this . but yeah
this isn  t the first or even fourth incident that came to mind when i saw this is real . and scary . and an infection on our society
be sure & learn why friends are posting vague hashtags like before replying with something snarky like oops
hear yeah but it is the reality . if it works a little it s worth it . in  my humble  opinion . 
classic psycho clip : ex waiting in stairwell the race up stairs to the door . safe ! he came back & took an axe to the door .
the globe caught up with tara na burke the activist behind
so because girls shouldn  t have to learn that kind of fear so young . and because they should believe they will be believed .
- a fine example of using personal narratives on to raise awareness on serious issues !
it happened at home at school at work in public now it happens to my daughters
join us in if you  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted post on your social media
cops came . she said i d beaten myself up broken glass picture frame over my own head & destroyed my own room . they left .
i was a child . it was a family member . i was a young student . it was a teacher . i was an adult . it was an adviso
he swore he wasn  t lying and he swore he wasn  t cheating and he swore he wasn  t addicted to drugs and he swore he didn  t intend to blackmail . he lied about it all he is a cheat with lives with his family in far wani ya and salwa . stay away from this drug abuser . 
high school & college working as a waitress : male customers regularly touched my legs & behind arms shoulders waist .
i find it  odd and interesting  that secretary merrill still thinks supporting moore is in his or alabama  s best interest . 
last night after the event with the amazing student leaders  - talking about and  be i hamilton hall  - columbia university
also coming up on the  2  1 stop  that : were revisiting & discussions including recent news out of the state house . stay tuned .
saying my experiences could ve been worse is true but my desire to say that comes from self  - invalidation one of the issues here .
i denial  of  normal  t know how many times it happened to me . i can  t even remember it . but i was  years old .
as hard as it is to put myself out there like this i do find it to be important . i hope my daughter never has to use this hashtag .
harvey ( bill james donald ) and ( a non  - movie star ) | opinion  -  via
harvey ( bill james donald ) and ( a non  - movie star ) | opinion
feel sorry for those who have to say we hear you . we see you . we support you . and we need to and will do better . 
 gad fcs ( red state ) cps leader to run usa largest foster care on heels of
age  at a frat party was paged overhead . are you the one with the big old titties ? drunken laughter . i left right away
hey gorgeous . hey beautiful . dude . instant  message just trying to cross the street . what ? i can t even talk to you ? !  nope .
not because of personal experience but because i stand with everyone who has ever had to deal with this . the number who have is too high
was  . he ass ulted me in front of his friends . tried to report it but the administrator at the school did nothing .
at man stal gia we promote real respect for women . please rt with if you will stand up for women .
the best response : i have so much love and respect for you . i hear you . i believe you and i have your back .
when that little voice of invalidation inside your head tells you that what you went through could have been worse .
it started at a very young age and continued throughout school . what happened years ago lives with me always .
everything i  have been reading over the past few days related to has me honestly relieved we have sons and .
dance is a powerful tool for social change . in light of the movement were sharing this huffington post .
i wet the bed so i wouldn t have to leave my room at night . he was always there ready to put his filthy hands on me
these posts have me feeling things .  i  m not giving you an hour or a second or another minute longer . i  m busy getting stronger . 
what about the boys & men ? look i have my own stories but instant  message rather annoyed that male victims are blown off just they re male .
twice someone has felt me up asking for my consent . i  have lost count of all the unsuccessful attempts that i  have thwarted .
anthony edwards brave & eloquent testimony . he  s right : there are millions of victims  one conversation away  from being heard & healed . listen . 
i don 't follow his music & couldn t name a single song of his but i d like for to tweet up to him of course .
our past doesn t have to break us in my case it made me stronger . i made it through the hell and came out  better .
everyone should be loved and taken care of . it is a shame we cannot respect each other . in solidarity .
still not sure . i keep telling myself it s really my fault . i was drunk . maybe i consented and don 't remember .
struggled for years to overcome the pain and fear listen to your children when they try to tell you something about a relative
i think it happened way back but i could never ask if the intention was so . he did get kicked out of another school though .
these are challenging times for this survivor . hard to look anywhere without having cause to remember wince & shudder .
. because when it came to furthering my career in brussels but seeing and working for him everyday i chose to leave .
on twitter you may see the hashtag signaling woman who have been sexually harassed or assaulted . here s why : 
actress alyssa milano asks if others have been abused gets thousands of replies
nothing comes free ! when u yourself sacrificing your values and self respect for small comforts then why this hue and cry of 
i keep my timeline g  - rated and the subject matter of timeline is a very adult topic  - content . but it is a must  - read .
spent most of my career at financial publications covering congress and wall street . absolutely
world bank : rt un_ women to women who are survivors of violence we hear you and we believe you .
elizabeth perkins holds sign reading james woods
( .  forcibly removed & i was groped by strangers in front of my boyfriend and his brother . carried off in crowd . no dignity .
seeing all these posts on fb breaks my heart . step up guys . come on .
seeing so many of my friends posting is heartbreaking and i guess that was the point in the first place . but still .
my first kissed was forced on me as well as a hand down my pants & a struggle to pull them off me until my mom showed up . i was  .
do you remember the ? well it  s something i never been able to forget and i often replay it in my mind and i felt so scared
.  a night out with the girls & too many drinks . we all went back to my friends place he raped me in her bedroom . i said no .
this is not a case of it is not in our culture for women to speak out . rape is not in our culture . sexual abuse is not in our culture . pedophilia is not in our culture . so keeping quiet when all these happens must not be in our culture ! we must raise the bar .
 .  not just the a cute trauma of an unwanted touch .  but the invisible ripples of confidence lost jobs quit careers stalled .   
it was my first job out of college . i was told by my male superior because no one else was there it s hard to tell what happened .
i didn t want to say this because i thought it would take away from others experience but was told it would actually help .
as a father of  girls i grieve for women made in the image of god who have been hurt by men . god give us men who love like christ
to all survivors sharing their stories and those that don 't we see you we believe you we support you we stand with you .
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney says she too was molested by team doctor
mckayla maroney says she was among the many molested by usa gymnastics team doctor via
mckayla maroney says she was among the many molested by usa gymnastics team doctor
this information in this oklahoma city case illustrates the process of train wreck when is applied is very relevant to problems of
in  case you missed  it : actress accuses james woods with ambiguous sign 
can we just cancel the movie ? because it looks like predator  - apologist crap . ( also i  have been waiting on this one to break since began .  ) 
when we had an in class discussion about and i had to leave the room to cry because it triggered my ptsd .
my heart has been breaking all day for every person who  s posted a and it  s left me feeling queasy .
a huge eff you shout out to ex bf with your concern on fb . u were terrible to me . i have numerous occasions in mind . i was   -  .
i hear people say america is a country of christian beliefs after reading all of your stories america s role models are failing .
i  m proud of you pal it takes a lot of guts ! i  m sorry that this happened to you . great job on
dear the phone in car used for gps & billing .  develop application keep it s front camera open so that you know whts going in car cctv
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney says usa doctor molested her
me too . took me so much courage to write this status especially as i had intentionally erased memories of it even having occured
& my daughter at  cat called cycling home from school . i assured her their behavior wasn t her fault .
over the last few days i  have seen far too many of the hashtags .  it has been truly heart breaking . there .
seeing all the hashtags in my feed is breaking my heart . there are a lot . i  m sick .
house of cards creator beau will i m on calls kevin spacey accusations deeply troubling  via
let  s stop condemning men for trying to be supportive . especially men who find this horrible to open their eyes to .  /
i  m so excited to welcome creator . to the front page this morning ahead of her visit to tune in !
more completely by a vp in a software co i worked at ; by a major political donor ; by a board member of nonprofit i ran ; by a moc .  
the secret actress : i  have lost count of the unwanted hands that have touched me 
former television anchorwoman accuses kevin spacey of assaulting her son 
like almost every woman i know i  have been sexually assaulted & harassed . our listeners share their stories .
retweeted cats i ll arz ( watch a young girl walk home at night with her keys in between her .
finally ! my whole life i  ve watched women only talk to each other about their powerlessness against a system that refused to believe them . we aren  t slut for i it up 
elizabeth perkins names james woods on protest sign
she s a long time friend who discussed this with me beforehand and would tell you instant  message doing nothing of the sort .
denied water & toilet for  9 hours  2 force naked photos to prove me innocent of murder
retweeted huffpost ( elizabeth perkins names james woods at rally .
the advocate mag : richard dreyfus  son inspired by speaks out about kevin spacey .
worth posting again from on last weeks  - the sexual predator in chief is a daily insult to women . a daily insult .
what spectrum risks are missing from high visibility with the disclosures ? los angeles facing some tandem changes .  nda s mous loyalty oaths and then unity covenants from mega churches .
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally  via
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally 
yeah for those minding my business instant  message working between posts .  laughing  out loud .  is my business 
in support of women all around the world who consistently suffer & endure men s perpetual violence . let s support virtual campaign .
saw a friend cat called & did nothing i was afrai think it was a big deal . friend who said it wasn t big deal (
i want to try something . if you  ve ever experienced sexual harassment try to remember what age you were the first time you experienced it .
just  the harassment : * so many times i have lost count !  *  sexual assault : * too many times i would care  admit ! * 
yet this is still happening . it will only change if culture changes . teach compassion not possession . teach respect not power .
if me being uncomfortable for few days helps stop another woman from feeling uncomfortable for the rest of her life it  s worth it .
a guy masturbated next to me in new  york  city subway . i also ran away from a weirdo following me in paris . numerous catcalls in cdmx and new  york  city . 
request : story on fight for gender equality in light of the campaign & the fact that the media reinforces gender inequality
to anyone who downplays sexual harassment abuse and assault ! to the women who live bravely after we survive !
it makes me so fucking sick so fucking sick to my soul . lawmakers cannot respond and prevent sex abuse
how many women have shared a story but have worse ones you haven t shared because you still fear blam shame ? yeah me too .
real men denial  of  normal  t harass ! be a real man and stand up for what  s right . 
( on behalf of ellen page ) this is just sad for a person to have gone through so much not because of her choices but simply because she existed . more power to page  
if you think is victim begging for attention then you  reply right . this topic demands & deserves attention . by the way
it s horrible that something so horrible unites us . we deserve more respect . more kindness . more reasons to trust . love you sisters .
when i was in high school i took a septa bus home . large man plops next to me on nearly empty bus . for next  minute .
research revealed women are  3 x more likely to experience sexual & non  - physical attacks than men
many guys harass stalk & threaten when you turn down a date or won t put out . very common . why i no longer want to date .
women falsely accusing men of sexual assault  - fuck you . i have not come through to see you make a joke of it
 we want respect & love & kindness .  it has happened to tons of women & it has happened to know we aren  t as alone as we think 
i sincerely hope it never happens to him or anyone he loves . tell your talking   shit that this talking   shit believes he needs to learn some empathy .
when i was  i was molested by a friend of the family . i was obese and fully developed at that time . he was in his late teens . he used to make fat jokes and told me no man will ever love me because nobody likes fat people
is a viral trend for the week . instant  message not sure how many get their justice but sure will make millions from the ad revenue .
i was sexual assaulted on a colorado academy headshot camping trip by a teacher . i had a twisted ankle and arrived at the camp long after dark . the teacher told me i was sleeping in his tent . that teacher was a predator  - but the second teacher ( pat hogan )  - how did he miss the signs ?
bosses co  - workers friends q : when did it become okay to exert power over women sexually when unwanted ? a : never it s never okay .
i hope inspires men  talk  daughters . also hope doesn  t forget to help men harassed by women . 
women of color have endured sexual harassment assault & rape since before slavery .
women accuse journalist & game change co  - author of sexual harassment . acting like a penis ! 
don 't let this fade into another brief viral public  service  announcement . it shouldn t need a viral social media bump to bring light to this .
for why matters . this girl speaks every bit of my heart and soul . it matters to acknowledge that power .
keep it up medalist aly raisman says she was abused by usa gymnastics doctor  - usa today 
french women have their own anti  - sexual harassment campaign : expose your pig 
two wks ago i shared my story on fb . last night i shared it w / let s keep this movement going .
multiple times in multiple language in public transport the streets in my own country abroad by people known & unknown .
is not just a women s issue . men must play an active role in ending sexual harassment and assault . 
current career field . women share stories of sexual harassment  via
overheard two men chatting unable to reconcile sexual freedom and harassment allegations by women . ashamed to say i didn  t speak up .
) whether i  m walking alone during the middle of the day going for a run or walking to my car at night .
all survivors matter all our experiences matter . every single survivor should know they are not alone and it is not their fault !
one tweet has brought together  million voices from  countries . standing side by side together our movement will only grow . 
in the vast majority of departments the only place to report police sexual violence is to the police and that creates it s own series of opportunities of further violence and threats . via
dear please fire the man at who caused my to include being fired by my sexual harasser . he s harassed others .
society does take gender into account . but boys don 't report abuse either . it would be even more emasculating . attitudes underscore the social construction of gender .
in  case you missed  it : women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment
let s just stop secret sexual assault cover  - ups . okay ? are we really okay with leaders of campaigns ?
to free women from sexual abuse and assault freedom of men ( and boys ) must be curtailed 
anyone know of good catholic resources for victims of sexual assaul general resources not clerical abuse focused . need sources
great song for all the men & women who are sexual assult victims from their past relationships ! 
and this is harvey levin s friend so this should tell you he is not going to cover corey feldman story story story .  etc tomorrow live is biased although wendy williams might
growing up i remember women being told they need to learn how to protect themselves . not men being told not to do it !
be in the know . follow highlights the disturbing prevalence of sexual harassment and assault
we stand with survivors . to create a culture where sexual assault is unacceptable and survivors are supported .
nice name real sick of it all sick of child abuse & mistreatment of piece of crap  -  candidates > fed investigation & libya has slave markets now .
that is good news ! girls fight back . use your arms legs law police media .  but must fight back . 
protect the taxpayer .  hell we  ve been sexually abused and  paid   cents on the male privilege dollar .  enough is enough ! contracts to protect criminals is not a taxpayers  responsible we have  year olds to feed & protect
and every woman i  have ever had this conversation with . the multiple examples spill out of our mouthes and cover a wide spectrum of offences . the stories are abundant if you want to listen or do something about it .
today is creating a space for women to talk about sexual harassment . joins us on
women senators say reveal stories of sexual harassment  - nbc news thank you 
i  m a very private person but maybe if we can finally see the scope of the issue maybe people will finally start to correct it
video refutes kelly  s charges congresswoman raises issue of race gender . after bullying by kelly & drumpf
sparks viral women s movement against sexual abuse  - by sarah glover  - 
u of t student looking for women who decided not to seek help after sexual assault for study
women demand our power and be vocal about it ! make rape & sexual abuse a lifetime prison sentence !
this is about women and men changing their response to sexual aggression acting in solidarity to make it visible + unacceptable 
. lady gaga patty arquette it s gabrielle u & more women and men tweet raising sexual assault awareness  1  0  6  6 li 
laughing  out loud in boxing me after posting with nonsense about not all men like dude it was in your church and done by your church staff
 how you can help fight sexual harassment and discrimination in science right now  by  women scientists 
me too and instant  message going to get paid ! click like if you support me getting paid . thank   you !
every job i  ve ever had there  s a harvey weinstein wanna be . it  s something i  ve come to expect learn to avoid learn to live with .
since the has been the topic of these days i would definitely touch a knee of my lecturer of corporate finance . she  s super smart and super hot .
movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment : predatory 
women are showing how widespread sexual assault and harassment are by sharing their stories with
is fine but is better . gilpin law  -  years representing women in work sexual harassment cases 
women accusing trump of sexual harassment are lying white house says 
it s time for men and women to stop being silent and it s time to stop shaming and blaming the victims . we all have a story .
in  and women are having to broadcast their sexual harassment and assault stories to prove that it s an issue .  /
harassed by boss coworker . only had courage to report coworker harassment during exit interview . boss was asking ? s we were alone . 
women have come forward to accuse director james to back of sexual harassment
powerful testimonials regarding acts meant to eradicate among victims of sexual harassment and assault .
if i could project the magnitude of sexual harassment i  have faced in my life on to men this wouldn t be up for debate .
getting people to get  how pervasive sexual assault is is iterative work . society won  t * get it * as a binary distinction from not .
a scared  year old girl being dropped off at her baby sitters house .  scared to tell anyone especially her mom .
. women leaders are fighting sexual harassment and assault in justice is coming . 
we know is a powerful way for women to share their sexual assault stories but here s what you didn t know :
note to men and women : keep your parts to yourself unless specifically asked to share . remember you aren t obligated to share .
inspirational how women across the transformed the weinstein scandal into a platform raising awareness about sexual harassment .
viral hashtag highlights the disturbing prevalence of sexual harassment and assault
you just told every their experiences don 't matter to you . that men are protected from their appalling injustices against women . shame on every person claiming to be a christian that watches your network . shame shame shame .
being a means being asked why i didn t report it and having to point to case after case of survivors shame
no one asks to be harassed or assaulted ; we shouldn t blame the victim . it wasn t my fault & it s not your fault dear friends .
female lawmakers are sharing their stories further proving that all women are affected by sexual harassment
hi movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment by 
hi movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment by
birds of a feather . does anyone really care anymore what you have to say ? it  s comparable to woody allen  s comments about weinstein . we really denial  of  normal  t want your take on this . really ! 
instant  message nauseous as i hear it as it brings back nasty memories . to the accusers of i hear you . i believe you .
someone i did not assault told someone else that i assaulted them and they were believed . rape culture hurts us all and it must end .
the sheer number of stories of sexual harassment and assault in the wave are stunning . were listening .
so would keeping it in their pants and treating their associates the way you would want others to treat you were you a female . i d say treat them as you would treat your wife daughters or sisters but that might not work either .
today s metro pays homage to in an effort to raise awareness about sexual assault and harassment . pick up a copy or visit metro . us .
continues to flood social media with stories of sexual harassment and assault .
far too many women using the hashtag for us to ignore it . sexual assault and harassment must stop . men it s on us .
who created  - a black woman created the  me too  campaign years ago to support sexual assault survivors . 
you asshole women who don 't want men who have been raped by other men to use u shut up ! rape is rape !  isn t that your message
first we must respect their feminism . sexual assault is not a joke . we must stand up for all the women that suffered through
my ex  - boyfriend . random men on the metr street . sexual assault and harassment is everywhere .
having a family member sodomize me at the age of  because he was exposed to sexual violence at a young age
see photos : french women rally against sexual abuse under banner
the campaign is such an empowering step to highlight how sexual assault is so casually ignored and how easy it is to mistreat women
women across the globe join hashtag campaign to draw attention to sexual assault .
content / trigger warning : sexual assault & violence . these are a few stories from provo guys amiright on instagram (
instant  message sharing my story because instant  message not letting my embarrassment and shame stop me anymore . he should feel shame not me . 
reply : a classmate asked if i could walk with her tn  - no  problem ! i usually walk  blocks uptown she meant the  blocks to the subway .
the surprising reveal that victims of sexual assault are actually people you know  - beirut today 
and other things on my mind related to the rampant problems of sexual assault & harassment 
mashsocialmedia : hundreds of women protest sexual harassment and abuse in hollywood with march  
mashsocialmedia : hundreds of women protest sexual harassment and abuse in hollywood with march ( via twitte
hundreds of women protest sexual harassment and abuse in hollywood with march
my respect to all the ladies and also the men out there . who ve had to face incidents like these .  you guys are strong ! stay strong .
how wierd is this really in the usa ? rape of children is a problem with feeder problems in spectrum . kills people fractures families public health menace . 
we received today an e  - mail about sexual assault at one of the fraternities . fortunately the girl escaped . instant  message so disgusted .
. lady gaga debra messing & more stars flock to social media to share their stories of sexual harassment   
i was  and it was my part  - time job . he was  something and made harassing me his full  - time job . i didn t know that wasn t okay .
my ex ? in  years of m a wwi age i have no memory of his using my name . three sons . ex only called me pussy vagina vagina whore bitch . 
women flood social media with me too message on sexual harassment and assault 
oh my  god shocked angry had it done to me didn t think anything about it was just weirded out . was young and thought oh well .
one day after class he told me he was very concerned about my bad grades ( they weren t bad ) and he wanted me to spend a weekend at his house so he could intensively tutor me and get me up to speed .
hashtag inspires lehigh valley women to share stories of sexual harassment assault 
so it s good to know that was started by a black woman who started it in the mid  2  0  0  0 s to empower young welcome  on cam . 
so creators asked by ww org to yeah know kick her week to side & join theirs !  she : um were doing it ! them : anywho want   to join ?
 there  s a day when you realize you  reply not just a survivor you  reply a warrior .  i stand brave women of oth and the rest .
for the many men who like women are also sexually harassed this too must stop . sexual harassment is a true epidemic & so destructive .
with showing the scale of the issue as men we have to challenge our culture that enables sexual assault 
many women including myself have had to put up with sexual harassment unwanted advances and worse . unity .
state political community women sign letter detailing sexual harassment . 
ass hole the tweet albeit politics . if you miss a story by an hour just retweet the best breaking tweet . no need to pretend sourcing it .
is a powerful trend but let s not forget that it s not just women who are abused . men can be victims too . i stand with all victims
and solidarity against sexual harassment + assault has no barriers . a moment for the european parliament
how do we define sexual harassment ? there is a lack of understanding of what is appropriate and what is not . time to redraw the line
looks like the movement has accomplished much more than they thought it would . we need to eliminate all people who engage in sexual harassment . period . 
women are using the hashtag to show how commonplace sexual assault and harassment are . it s overwhelming to see that almost every w 
by the grace of god only harassment . i have  sisters and a daughter . this is a real problem that needs real solutions .
the year women fought back against sexual harassment & took down hollywood !
in springfield women want state house sexual harassment exposed  and stopped via
can you imagine walking down the street & just feeling safe ? or not hearing a pretty girl like you should be flattered ? imagine .
trends on twitter as over   people identify as sexual assault victims .  laughing  out loud
there is no cultural superiority anywhere where women and children are suppressed . or men of the sort who do not prey on others . there is inequality everywhere . there are abuse violence polygamy and oppression . religion does not solve it .
part of being a women is deeply and fundamentally knowing any of the stories could also be your story in an instant at any time
strong piece by julia wallace : my turn : .  why baby boomer women ignored sexual harassment via
sexual harassment : why the campaign has been so impactful :   - via : lolly daskal rt laughing  out loud 
it s the so called men who defend sexual harassment with : it s just locker room banter who make me sick !
thousands of women are identifying as victims of sexual harassment or assault after weinstein s fall .
by the way is for men non binary & other non  - women folks too . by the way women can be perpetrators too . assault is about power not gender .
i have never been a victim of abuse or sexual abuse but instant  message saying an extra prayer for all the victims tweeting
twitter : does nothing about removing abusive people on their website also twitter :  the  let  s put a cute emoji on !  great work let  s go for lunch 
to people who think women are jumping on some sort of bandwagon what makes you think any one wants to go on that ride ?
let s remember that sexual harassment and assault happens in both public and private spaces .
after the chicago city council rubber stamps rahm emanuel s budget chicagoans can use the hashtag for sexual assault rahm says so what people are going to pay the fines fees and taxes bend over .
rt change : . nguyen_ amanda and her organization rise now us are turning into a movement to end sexual assault .  
don 't think i know a single woman who hasn t been harrassed or raped . someone s are we ? we must change this ! we must change !
there are few things more heartbreaking than seeing and posting for yourself the words even worse is seeing your mom post it .
( i know instant  message a man but it happened to me as well so instant  message throwing my hat in the ring to support and make people aware )
i don 't think i know a single woman who hasn t been sexually harassed or assaulted .  hell i don 't think anyone does .
gratitude torwards the campaign . it has given a voice to so many women that have been affected by sexual assault . no means no .
twitter trend a horrifying reminder of widespread sexual harassment and assault 
now this news : more than  women say they were sexually harassed or raped by men in the european parliament
an important thread . [ content warning : rape abuse sexual assault . ] 
to the men who are complicit and say nothing about their bosses behaviour . they thank u  your silence . silence is a golden globe .
georgie porgie puddin and pie kiss d the girls & made them cry now the girls have got instant  message back georgie porgie s gotten the sack !
those who have come out in the movement against public figures have been overwhelming proven truthful if by the perpetrators own admission . end roy moore  s public career now .
agnostic about trump impeachment until we know he broke the law . what about sexual assault ? where did the  women go ?
sexual assault movement reaches nearly   tweets  - the hollywood reporter 
new  york  city  1 stop  that lady chirlane mccray speaks out  safety  women & girls  - believes in girls  & women  s safety worldwide :
faced molestation harassment sexual assault eve teasing at the age      . everywhere every god damn second . 
bill clinton : the reckoning . crickets  coward ! rt i admire your courage and perseverance juanita . i  have always believed you . the clinton s live in the land of lies . 
just wondering why all of a sudden it is coming that all of these people sexually assaulted or molested ( instant  message certainly not denying that it happened ) just wondering that s all
as a women s health provider i hear stories on a daily basis ; hoping for a without sexual violence
to all the good men out there  - keep setting a good example of kindness human decency & equality . thank you it means so much !
key words good man . that excludes harvey right off the bat . anyone actually think harvey can be rehabilitated ? i don 't not psychologically anyway . 
where is the sting against perpetrators ? where are the lawsuits ? without action men will endure crying women get counseling ; repeat .
a new hashtag encourages men to break their silence and become an ally with women over the movement
shared my story with a colleague today . when she shared hers i was reminded that each individual voice counts in this fight
reminds me that every woman i  have met has shared a story of sexual assault & that s so sad .
/ sexual harassment is rampant at the policies for addressing harassers leave victims on their own .
has allowed victims of sexual assault to speak out . click below to get all the details and background . 
learn more about consent . it is sad the is trending . as parents we must be the change . what are you teaching your kids about consent ? 
women ( and men ) who speak out about sexual harassment face a very real risk of retaliation . 
why don 't we disrupt the patriarchy by asking men to come forward and admit to sexually assault in women ? how many would ?
instant  message a male . i  have never been sexually assaulted but instant  message sickened by your stories & stand with you all and will do what i can to help .
to all the women and men dealing with sexual assault and harassment i believe you and i support you just as others have for me .
weird how my tough  luck is full of women saying but not a single man saying
supporting every woman using the hashtag our role as men is to encourage women to speak up !
3 novices : becomes a rallying cry for survivors of sexual assault yesterday a campaign geared towards demons 
read this thread . every single tweet . you should be ashamed for that tweet you posted  -  - especially for trolling the hashtag with it . 
my experience with sexual assault put me into a depression for about a year and i still feel the effects of it from time to time : to  be  honest
anyone who has experienced sexual harassment or violence should get to disclose on their own terms . resources are available !
but amid the chaos that unfolded today of women men humans sharing their trauma i see you .
the sexual abuse on women is a worldwide epidemic . let s hear your voice . you are not alone .
. moves people to tell their stories of sexual harassment with twitter movement .
this is a long  - awaited reckoning . it must be . ellen page accuses brett ratner of sexual harassment
forced consent . emotional abuse . feeling powerless . after all these years knowing it  s not your fault but still feeling ashamed .
parties in college working on wall street fundraising in india walking down the street . we never feel  safe .
l . a . times :  women accuse director james to back of sexual misconduct
ending sexual harassment : hear women s voices & take positive action
 i just can  t imagine any female who attends a a for even a brief period of time doesn  t experience some form of sexual harassment  
i walk home embarass e thinking that i had brought this on myself . delete number . block number . try not to think about it .
women expend extra emotional energy shaking it off and putting their game face back on just to get back to neutral .
in  the uk rape crisis centre made a conservative estimate that  in  women under the age of  had been sexually assaulted
any boy who ever causes my daughter to write a post is going to have a real hard time with her daddy . a real hard time .
i was  . on a school bus . j high all rode same bus . as i walked to seat hands grabbed my butt  - fingering to vagina . terrifying !
you don 't need a female family member cop friend or black friend to see it .
while assault and harass thanks to the men who recognize sexual harassment and assault are wrong .
common thread in stories from actors athletes & entrepreneurs : men who harass then threaten women s careers 
this morning : talks with local advocates for sexual assault victims about campaign 
bull . james larue is the very man responsible for leading the effort to facilitate child prn o graphy in usa and the sexual harassment of
by the way it s not just men who rape . girl do it too . that s part of my story . any human could rape someone .
sexual assault and harassment takes many forms and is a common experience for all the women i know .
maybe james needs a distraction ~ james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally  via
 if had told the story of the mossad spies earlier everyone would have simply assumed she was nuts .   - in rebecca solnit : let this flood of women s stories never cease  via
to  be  honest the fact that encompasses assault and harassment meant you  d be hard pressed to find many women it doesn  t apply to
this is everyone s fight against harassment . i apologize if ever my comments or my acting bothered women .
the campaign has revealed the pervasive ness of sexual harass men graduate workers are vulnerable 
local advocates applaud campaign for raising awareness about sexual assault
honestly if every victim of sexual harassment an assault tweeted there would be nothing else on your timeline
thousands march in rally  - survivors of sexual assault and harassment are expected to attend a  me too s .
trends on twitter as people share their personal stories of surviving sexual assault .
silence is violence . my dad would be proud of me for sharing this truth . it is time . break the silence .
when will we stop forcing survivors to carry the burden of convincing society that sexual harassment is a problem asks 
i must have missed those while i was worrying law . did u clean the air & water ? help sexual harassment ? 
applies to men saying doing nothing to counter objectification of women by miguel de la torre
. campaign highlighting & empowering sexual assault & abuse takes over twitter 
shame cannot survive being spoken . it cannot tolerate having words wrapped around it . if you stay quiet you stay in self  - judgment .
replies are from men pointing out that there are women too who sexually harass abuse . proves exactly why is so important . 
evidently u have never been molested  good for you  it  s been  years for me  and those women were republican & they didn  t go to media  media came to them .  r u for real sad
we also do not support who sexually assault men in those workplaces either . so go ahead speak the heck up
 me too .  women join protest against sexual harassment love this . thank u !
me too if everyone who has been sexually abused used this hashtag we might give everyone a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
women who dare to speak out against male supremacy and abuse = death threats 
grabbed under my skirt multiple occasions in junior high harassed by a boss in high school .  and more .  characters isn t enough
without wanting to sound cold hearted i would never say reply : sexual assault . i would prefer to say .  otherwise you remain a victim  which is exactly the intent .
top story : how could move from social campaign to social change  - cnn  see more 
minutes until join us as we discuss  - stand against sexual harassment & assault
sexual harassment is never okay . speak up make an impact and be strong for all women globally especially for those who can t
anyway that s the end of rant . i appreciate the men pledging to help with but please really try to help . stand up for us .
is challenging for those coming to terms with sexual harassment or violence . we are conditioned to accept abuse as normal
after alyssa milano tweeted women have come forward with their stories of sexual assault
this dialogue got me to vocalize for the  1 stop  that time . quite frankly i deny that shit happened in my head . talk about blocked memories .
sexual harassment from strangers is awful but even more heartbreaking for me was experiencing it from men i called friends
showed that sexual harass men is shockingly pervasive . now  u . s . senators are telling their stories
m  how did they know she was sexually abused ? did they just make random calls to all the women in alabama ? this story does not fly .
my employer sexual harassed me for  years with text messages touching and he sexually assaulted me . i  have shared my story
it s empowering to see women come out tell their stories of sexual harassment so that we eradicate this barbaric habit from society .
for years women of color have used to let each other know that they re not alone in the fight against sexual assault :
retweeted collected news for some sexual assault stories trigger trauma not empowerment .
reading posts on fb and twitter . men must do better . i must do better . no degree of .  it is wrong and our responsibility to
where does your company stand to address gender bias discrimination & sexual harassment ? take this assessment
women are saying to break decades of silence on sexual assault experiences  via
is so heartbreaking but this really shouldn t be news to many people given how prominent sexual assault actually is
celebrity  - driven hashtag sparks a wave of personal experiences about sexual abuse and harassment :
that s not a duck you re describing it s the perfect description of a survivor of sexual assault ( keeping it a secret needing support and encouragement to speak up )
ny resident describes the legal side to accusing someone of sexual harassment you were pummeled .  it was disgusting .
lest you think certain careers are noble enough to be safe from abuse of power and sexual harassment .
women : time to get loud and say no more . men : time to be even louder than us and say no more ! not one more daughter mother friend . 
bbc news  - hollywood holds march against sexual harassment 
bbc news  - hollywood holds march against sexual harassment  
every time someone that is inappropriate ( sexual harassment ) gets a job or a promotion and i don 't . they are aggressive and win .
former fox carolina employee talks campaign surviving sexual assault in college
today on twitter women started adding to indicate they were victims of sexual assault . has to stop !
men don 't give a shit about because they don 't suffer repercussions for sexual abuse assault or harassment !
things i learned from therapy :  . it wasn t my fault  . it s okay to not feel okay  . take back my happiness
rebecca solnit on harvey weinstein hillary clinton and blaming women for the acts of men 
and the walls ( hiding sexual misconduct ) keep tumbling down . thank you for this movement . the victims have had enough and it s accountability time ! 
i  d say most women have met a harvey or many . it  s that pervasive . men we need you to be part of the solution .
it s sicking for real victims who don 't take what they can get then holler sexually assault rape ect . there are true victims out
messenger : rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault :  via
rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault  via
messenger : rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault  via
as receptionist restaurant waitress & hostess non  - blatant sexual harassment numerous excess . harder  name when occured ; blamed it on gender
aj plus : thousands of people are sharing their sexual assault and harassment experiences with
whole agenda looks dodgy as abuse of minors should be the priority that  s far worse plus where  s equality for men or women
social media campaign shows prevalence of sexual harassment assault .  via
social media campaign shows prevalence of sexual harassment assault
all for movement but there is a big difference between sexual assaul & harassment . neither is okay but they re all not on the same level .
cua peers supports survivors of sexual assault . if you would like to support those sharing their stories through come to walk a mile .
and stop trying to physically assault or intimidate other women would be different . i am disgusted with humanity today . (
instant  message confused . like is it news to people ? that women have experienced sexism ?
the fact that most college campuses give lectures to freshmen women about how to avoid sexual assault ( not a victim of assault )
i hear the same stories from friends . we learn to live w / it to a degree . keep it inside until we can t keep it in anymore . hence  /
then why not use your voice  tell women  get trained get armed & fight back instead of joining this pity party ? 
how does race complicate sexual violence ? are black women more likely to suffer and not taken seriously ? 
i say not to distract from the experience of women but to stand in solidarity as a fellow survivor of sexual assault .
did i just heard that  millions tax payers money were used to settle sexual harassment complaints against congress members ?  
alyssa milanos hashtag proves shocking number of women have been sexually harassed and as .  
what s esp scary about is how many people must have known . it s beyond sexual abuse it s pedophilia . sickening .
thank you for building a platform to elevate women s voices with your campaign . we d love to invite you to the center !
was once told in a professional setting that white men don 't like the curves & bodies of latinas & african american women . not only is this patently gross it s also patently incorrect .
okay instant  message going to do this .  like all women i  have had many many moments . but one  - lasting about  months  - f**cked  me over .
gay men are the biggest purveyors of sexual harass men yet society won t hold them to the same standards as straight men .
men . women . children . black . white . hispanic . christian . atheist . muslim . and affects everyone .
the tragic cost of silence forced by society my take on sexual harassment and abuse 
. venice . in my room . after saying no for the umpteenth time i had a thought : this man is going to hit me . so i stopped saying no .
men if you been victimised by women and the justice system we demand change and equal rights
silence from uk theatres reply ( bar so were crowdsourcing arts sexual harassment policy . join in . 
i think we as men need to join in and acknowledged the ways we  ve violated the space of the women around us .
guess again . this is part of if you think men who think this way are isolated exceptions you haven t lived as a woman in america .
partly why i got the hell out of television production . realizing a  + year old man is flirting with you at age  is scary ass face .
in case you think each counts for one case of sexual harass men most women have survived repeated incidents .
george h . w . bush apologizes after an actress accuses him of sexual assault in a post on ( via all politics ) 
business insider : george h . w . bush apologizes after actress accuses him of sexual assault in post 
as a buff college student my ( very white ) husband was groped on a subway by a white male police officer .
thank you for encouraging us to help others understand the prevalence of sexual harassment and assault in society .
there has been a push to have men step up and help change the work environment for women . 
always speak up . always know sexual assault has no gender religion race and political correctness . thank you .
i think most people have no idea how prevalent sexual assault is in this country . it  s not okay .
this movement is doing so much for me . some of these women are my role models .  so maybe instant  message not as weak as i thought i was .
and apparently yours is about to tank thank   you to your good pal i don 't even like the bitch bit  torrent still really andy ? women r people
gay men share their personal stories of sexual assault on twitter
how the campaign shifted the focus of sexual harassment away from the law and order problem
exactly so and why it is so widespread against women and men these predators get a pass . 
thank you . so smart . well done . whoa the hoops women are forced to go through to report harassment .
- of course . calling out all unsurprising but sadly pervasive sexual harassment exploitation and abuse .
as part of the healing i worked with other victims & not for profits that work w / women & girls who are victims of violence .
are democrats calling out or donald trump also calling for reforms and supporting regardless of your political party . full stop .
casually told my mom this morning that i felt silly posting after all it was just a little catcalling a little uninvited groping .
i really need to write something on don 't want to assume anything but this is something very close to my heart .
3 novices : harvey weinstein : some men don 't get it when women say the media and online pile  - on makes some peo 
3 novices : harvey weinstein : why men don 't get it when women say the media and online pile  - on makes some peop 
although my experience was more a long the lines of sexual harassment it changed me . you can t go back . 
if u have need support want to support others or want to help us take action join the group .
i was shocked & disgusted to see a story like get awards !  for a story about assaults on women ? !  why wasn  t there outrage over that ?
instant  message in was  too much company . grateful for those brave enough to break the scary silence . fully understanding of those who won t
stories women storie violated & still finding a way badass & beautiful despite the world  s script .
tune into now  has opened up the floor to women are calling sharing their stories  time to listen
the women in aid web log is opening up space for people to share stories in the and sector
an upstate woman shares her and how she hopes her courage to share her story with sexual abuse will inspire others to do the same . 
consider the current climate . after women feel safe to come forward with these stories .
to the non women in my life who ve come forward despite constant violent erasure of their experiences : thank you
/ the first time i ever experienced a sexual assualt in my life i was fifteen . i was a freshman and accepted a date with a senior .
as a freshman at a guy named joe and a guy named aj attempted ( and maybe succeeded ) to sexually assault me in the same night . this isn t my only story . it s just the one i chose to tell .
women on twitter are asking men to use the hashtag to acknowledge their own dangerous behavior .
i pray for all of when the people who are supposed to protect women from refuse to take action .
crying over the oth cast sanding together over this recent news we are all just hearing . i think how bad i feel just hearing it when i know they had to live it .
why ? do you know her ? were you with her ? women don 't lie about sexual assault . you probably think  women lied about trump too .
sexual assault movement reaches nearly   tweets .  not only a hollywood issue 
the whole shakedown of hollywood  s powerful men hopefully means the end of sexualizing women and children in entertainment
thanks to kim wells for sharing her story with me & continuing to educate & advocate for dv & sexual assault survivors .
male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man means part of problem or part of solution ?
this bullshit is going to become the boy who cried wolf story if this continues . receiving a compliment doesn t make women victims .
thank you to & my own senator for reply  - introducing  in  women in the world will experience in their lifetime  -  - and we must not accept this . 
here is a powerful story about how women endure the harsh climate of sexism and misogyny in academia : 
how much better would the world be if so many articulate amazing women hadn t been shut down manipulated + abused by aberrant men ?
no one said only men rape . plenty of male victims coming out that all these women have welcomed & publicly supported
i thought of a good friend who told me it was okay because he was handsome . i thought of the students who saw and said nothing .
stopping sexual harassment : ready for a  witch hunt  ?  via  - be aware call things out
instant  message sure a million times i don 't remember & specifically when i do remember being sent weird & creepy message over networks .
is what women say whenever i go first with my story . it gives them room to share theirs . it says i won t judge you . i believe you .
at i fought for survivors of sexual assault and like & many others i  ll keep fighting until we get justice .
as a feminist & activist & a victim of online sexual harassment ( including by mi employee ) i 
sparked by campaign sexual assault survivors rally and march in hollywood .  
sparked by campaign sexual assault survivors rally and march in hollywood 
female politicians share their sexual assault stories in solidarity with others in the movement 
all eyes on sexual abuse & assault . the tides are turning ! our latest web log on 
this moment has the potential to become a tipping point in the fight against systemic sexual assault . 
began as a grassroots movement by tara na burke to aid sexual assault survivors in underprivileged .
the flood of posts from women on social media sharing their own experiences of sexual 
fight against sexual assault . very courageous of the women whk have come out and please all support 
this trending exercise was to illustrate how widespread sexual harassment & assault is . love to those living silently with trauma . 
teachers are  watching is attacking supporters of r a for pointing out sexual harassment please pass a long kind sir 
if you need immediate support call the  national sexual assault hotline at  . hope (  ) .
believe the cosby survivors . these women paved the way and were not supported by general public . 
so when people say that wasn t convicted ; it means nothing . the court treats minors sexual assault cases different .
for  your  information : women sexually harras e men too ! few men speak of it or laugh it off ! women can be sexual pr editors also !
i was molested by a family member at the age of  and groped by an uncle at  . not sure what to tell at  .  dismissed by family at
wondering what came of the movement ? sexual assault & was a key topic at their ntl convention this past wknd . 
gabrielle union opens up on experiencing sexual assault : i saw and my arm went numb  la needs  lessons !
details how tragic this has been for him and his family ( oh my  god ) and then does  lines of victim blaming . then apologizes . oh boy .
has the movement opened your eyes at how often sexual harrassment and assault is happening around the world ?
gen kelly invoking is gross when he s shielding his boss  - the guy subpoenaed for numerous sexual assault allegations
we live in a culture of rape and sexual assault ! it has nothing to do with how we dress or present ourselves !
policy matters too not just words . men & women working together can make a difference .  cc
sexual harassment awareness campaign is trending on social media worldwide
constant sexual harassment and inappropriate behavior shouldn t be something a  year old girl is used to .
tomorrow exclusive : alyssa _ milano speaks out on the sexual harassment she faced only on grandma .
go make year philly people proud  rose mcgowan breaks her silence at the women s convention  
 dogged harassment in the workplace from a man several years older . seems like it  s harder to find women who haven  t experienced this 
is not about females or binary . lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. folks see it even more . this is about sexual abuse not gender . 
campaign just started and clearly the exception will be the woman who doesn t endorse . time to accept reality men .
journalism leaders who say women journos should not post a story are part of the problem . the spotlight can swing the other way too .
now this news : women are saying to show the world just how widespread sexual harassment is
james woods named during march against sexual harassment and abuse
most who have experienced sexual assault won t share . many may be triggered by this campaign . today i can say me . fucking . too .
alyssa _ milano begins hashtag unites survivors of sexual harassment from all over the world  
powerful project with women sitting in chair and sharing assault disclosures ! live video streaming now ! 
just because instant  message dressed a certain way or because instant  message in the middle of my shift doesn t make it okay for anyone to sexual iz me .
thousands of women identifying themselves as victims of sexual harassment or assault thought tweets
okay now that pretty much all my female friends have shared where all my male friends at to let us know they re listening ?
while women are standing up and saying wants the men responsible to step up and speak out 
the movement is an eye opener man . i didn t realise there was such an epidemic of assaults on women . it s deeply disturbing
stop fighting over who can declare rape and sexual assault ! stop the false equivalency of & culture is a shared experience .
celebrities join in on the movement to help show how widespread sexual assault is
actress says filmmaker james to back threatened to kill her if she exposed sexual harassment
my heart breaks reading all these posts but i know it is not only women who suffer . it s also men .
social media flooded with stories of sexual harassment and assault  1  0  6  6 live
anyone think i asked for any of this yet or want to call me a liar ? when i said it was constant for women i meant it .
me too . i was sexually assaulted by a male massage therapist . after i filed charges  other women came forward . he s pleading out . 
how to cover sexual harassment and abuse ? eight journalists weigh in on the challenges of getting the story right  - and lessons learned .
(  )  1 stop  that time i spoke about it was in headshot during a class when it had been said  in  girls would experience sexual assault .
how any woman can support a man who hires women purely off of their looks and then brags about grabbing them by the pussy is beyond 
mediashift daily : women say on social media ;  key trends in local journalism  - 
world can you hear this ? we all need to do better . better in raising our sons & daughters . better in sex acceptance & education .
for anti  - sexual harassment march in hollywood follow my lists : california  arts reporting 
as a trauma that i can t get over the feeling hate is poison in my soul but anger is good . women s anger burns must fear of it !
/ call to men ( & everyone ) when we say sexual harassment it isn t just street harassment from strangers . not just coworkers
sexual assaults and rapes are not a joking matter . neither is not believing the victims . support those who can  t speak up !
good luck finding a woman that has not experienced assault or harassment in one way or another . 
pastors speak out against sexual harassment . shine a bright and piercing light on this evil that has been too long in the dark !
women fear for basic safety on a daily basis in a way that many men are completely unaware . is this a normal expectation ?
what is it ? support a child molester to senate ? discredit  women who voted for and have been sexually assaulted by when they were children ?
i  ve told my students that i  m haven  t told them the details but i want them to know that they need not be silent in their lives .
we need to remember that addresses sexual assault and harassment . which is a major issue in the u . s . but there is something more  /
half a million times . clearly there s something wrong here and hopefully everyone will finally start realizing it . 
i met mark  years ago . seemed like a nice man .  but time to stand for women
women and men across the globe who have been victims let s join hands and raise our hands for a moment of silence
how macho is israeli society ? top political reporter says accused of complaining about a radio personality s sexual assault only to boost her ratings 
- a peer from church school  - a professor in high school  - an ex  - a boss in my first job and another in my first job after college
couldn t sleep and started to read these tweets ; quite alarming but informative as well . the culture of sexual assault an
the stories have broken my heart . here is mine :  teacher  watching sexual assault
i imagine it s what all women who have seen sexual abusers walk free feel .
pastor i pray that very soon parents & children everywhere has a copy of your book this book saves lives !
a reminder that telling your story can have negative consequences . if you choose to tell it s okay . it s also okay not to . your choice . 
this probably feels dumb to the women writing under but frankly this is an epidemic that is beyond the comprehension of most men .
? if you need help call  . hope (  ) to be connected with trained staff from a sexual assault service provider near you .
literally every female that i know has experienced sexual harassment an assault . every . single . one .
\ march in hollywood draws hundreds find out about the march that took place in hollywood over the weekend in solidarity with 
psychology professor antonia abbey shares on what experts know today about men who rape ad mist campaign
women explain how men can help change sexism culture after the movement 
time  all that were sexually assaulted harassed to speak up that includes women abused by
i  have worked in male dominated industries my whole career sexual harassment is always an element made worse when my tattoos are showing
hear us loud & clear if u con  t to allow online harassment of women we will leave ! it  s enough ! 
another sexual abuse story has surfaced that unfortunately shows celebrities can be victims as well as perpetrators .
nothing about it felt right : more than  people describe sexual harassment on capitol hill
on does the wave of sexual harassment allegations mean a reckoning for and feminists like yes say of and of we also interview the great
must reads : takes off after asked women to share experiences of sexual assault or harassment
age  : a  1  6 year  old followed me home after school & raped me . he said i was his now & raped me several add l times
i don 't know any woman who hasn t told me of at least one incident of sexual harassment that happened to her . 
you re also a predator like trump weinstein and the nra .  for hijacking this to push guns . most women get killed with their own gun
this is sexual not political . we need more honesty . health . get the hoovers and moore s out of the closet . then help them . forgive over throwing stones ! 
while we tag important to be aware not only of individual incidents but entire system that perpetuates sexual harassment
he ended up sexually assaulting me senior year and several times the summer after freshman year of college . i kept saying no but (
sexual assault is rampant and we really have to acknowledge it and support each other the problem isn t going to just disappear
for the men whining men get raped too and using the hashtag yes they do  - usually by other men . fuckers to start  an off topic  discussion this hashtag .
year old intern at a pharma company . i reach across a wide table .  older man says that s how i like my women .  bent over
as a male a white male i will strive for i stand with my sisters & will fight for justice & social change . no more
we will be silenced no longer . female artists sign letter against sexual harassment .
is empowering heartbreaking for woman who first spoke out about usa gymnastics sexual abuse .
i stand in solidarity with women around the world who have experienced sexual harassment and assault
it  s sad and disturbing to know that everyone women you know every women you see and every women you love has a story .
i don 't think there is any women who hasn t been sexually assaulted harassed or sexualized in any sort of way . we all stand together
there  s one sexual assault story that i  ve kept secret for years & i was finally able to write about it . yes me too .
imagine a world where society cares about sexual assult survivors the same way they do about men  s careers
if u live in the  2  1 stc & need the campaign  convince u there s a gender based problem in the world u are likely part of the problem
when in a bad situation being told just get you a couple of boyfriends to help just normalizes sexual assault and prostitution .
( but sadly i d be surprised if one of my female friends hadn t experienced sexual harassment ) 
this is how we roared today : we spoke our truth . this is power of women . stop online harassment or lose us !
mixed emotions but overwhelming feeling ? pride . the experience sucks . so glad women are voicing their opinions and stories .
) my first experience with sexual harassment in the workplace was when i was  years old . professional office environment .
how many people sharing stories voted for the grabber ? because that  s the stuff that baffles me . how can any woman defend that man ?
countless of us women have reported harassment to deaf ears and uncaring souls . now is the time for them to listen and give a fuck .
from women among thousands posting on social media alleging sexual harassment and assault
r . i . women among thousands posting me too on social media alleging sexual harassment and assault 
hits us congress as sexual harassment claims reach capitol hill | the guardian 
join us for an open honest discussion on sexual assault & campus policies
( is to remind myself it s not my fault ) also for other women to know that they are not alone whether they speak or choose silence .
sexual harassment is a daily challenge for women ~ it s so common place it s occurs and most of us women don 't even realize ~
the women tweeting seem to work across a wide array of industries & businesses . this is definitely not just a  hollywood problem  .
sexual assault and sexual harassment are not women s issues ; they are human tragedies . your pain is no less hurtful . i believe you . 
 rape as cost of business expense in hollywood ? what is spectrum risk management made of for disclosures allies but what about the kids of victims or perps ?
sexual assault stories trigger trauma for some  - it only took two words to open the floodgates : me too .
damn this was hard . took me long & i still don 't know if i have the courage to let this tweet sit here for long . but for now me too .
- but do people honestly not realize that every woman they know has been harassed and assaulted ? every woman . most of the girls
shared her story about the sexual abuse she endured for  years from a former team doctor . 
i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it : how me too is exposing the scale of sexual abuse  - 
protesters rallied outside city hall last night calling to resign amid sexual harassment claims : |
we are not perfect ! we sometimes do things we later regret speak up against even if you accepted his sexual advances !
thousands are expected to join the march to support victims of sexual assault
some of my friends know this but i  ve never addressed it publicly . to everyone who has experienced sexual assault in a relationship
honestly the list of examples i have of sexual harass men is way too long for  characters .
if you ve been feeling triggered by the recent swarm of sexual assault allegations you definitely aren t alone
humbled to be part of this story : brings dallas stories of sexual assault to social media 
top story : is raising awareness but taking sexual abuse to court is a m   see more 
anita hill on weinstein trump and a watershed moment for sexual  - harassment accusations .  
you know what s not helping my frame of mind ? sitting in climate workshop where instant  message the only woman of  invited speakers .
have been many times experienced sexual assault . knows how it was struck by a moment of shock and shame .
from catcalls to rape one way to evaluate what is sexual violence is how the woman feels  - tense shameful guilty fearful dirty 
watched anarkali of a arah fight molestation . how she stands against the tuned system and bureaucracy . women stand for yourself .
the drunk exe who asked me to call his wife to say he wasn t coming home . i made the call but got the hell out of there .
i lost a job due to sexual harassment . i  ve worked in many toxic & volatile work environments enough is enough
alyssa milano starts for victims of sexual assault to share their story
keep helping women to win back their confidence . instant  message a survivor we shall overcome .
gender  - based violence is not just about women .  it is a grave injustice to exclude men and boy victims from the discussion .
instant  message these and a rape survivor . welcoming alt right neo nazis who made free speech death & rape threats accomplished what ? 
dear dkny : apologize all you want . i am still never going to wear your ugly clothes .  - women
i worked for a company that didn t allow women to take their clients to dinner if alcohol was going to be served . and never alone .
has seen many women sharing their stories of abuse . we explore the issues the hashtag has raised
retweeted gry tina t in de ( a black woman created the  campaign against sexual .
a sobering real  - life story . thank you for sharing your horrific ordeal and for being an advocate for women .
i have a friend being stalked now by a guy who hit on me a few weeks ago . i had no idea same guy until i told her about him .
want to change this nightmare ? demand harassment policies in workplaces conferences community & social orgs (
rt jackie d stra use : the awareness movement continues to empower women to speak out :   1  0  6  6 live
sexual assault survivors break collective silence with viral hashtag
sexual assault survivors break collective silence with viral hashtag  -
i hope helps you . nobody can say to you why were you sile mt for years . in the contrary you are one of the women who named na men s but nothing changed .
quote of the day from the podcast i was listening to today  - the world is a shitty place for women .
instant  message a survivor . this doesn t happen to women exclusively .  i don 't blame all men for the actions of  .
one in three women will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime . one in two women will be sexually harassed .
women reacting to by positing that all men are pigs are poor representations of the female gender . stay home and off twitter
i just counted  different statuses from the women in my life on facebook and i didn  t know that tears could burn my eyes so badly
sexual harassment abuse and molestation are not gop or them issues . they are human issues . no more boys will be boys bullshit
hundreds join march against sexual harassment in hollywood  - france  
never a dull moment for news . got off the plane to find out trump s been subpoenaed by one of the women accusing him of assault .
we shouldn  t have to publicly come out as survivors to get people to care about combating sexual assault & harassment . but
social media was flooded by the power of social = strong check out this article about the movement :
because it s weird with that no one has started to out the professionals who uses horrible tactics to cover up sexual harrassment s incidents  - maybe it s time
of sexual assault cases are not reported  in  women are harassed or assualt ed by  my friend & i make up  of those women
it is time we listen to the voices of women around the world . it is time we take a stand against .
and that is just the intimidation and harassment portion . it is about time we feel okay to come forward . to be supported and believed .
it  s not obama  - clinton machine u creep .  it  s the women of america & your going down dirty old man
because people asked : yes you can share my story of thank you for asking and thank you for your kind responses . 
and another for my husband who was sexually assaulted by a gay male commercial director . unfortunately it  s not only women
brave women using hashtag r name dropping & these accusers accounts r denying any wrong  - doings & hiring lawyers .
nearly every woman i know has experienced menacing sexual harassment or assault and has more than one horror story .
economic policy : rt marni von wil pert : the us supreme court has a chance to restore a critical right to women harassed at work 
think of your darkest secret . think of how you d feel if you divulged it . this is how those who divulge that they re been sexually violated feel . honor their courage . believe them .
it seems like every woman i know is opening up about their experiences with sexual harass men we need to
women from around the world have shared to show the magnitude of sexual harassment and assault .
today someone is coming to realize what has happened to her . today there  s a person who  s dealing with it for the first time .
i stand with everyone who suffered in silence . let  s find our collective voice and fill the damn silence .
where were their voices when was accused of sexual harassment rape while running for office and in the presidency itself ? left says do that i say not as i do 
people get raped in broad daylight . please educate yourself before mansplaining sexual assault . 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  - the new york times
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  - the new york times 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via nyt the new york times
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  new york times
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault by anna cod re a  - rado via nyt the new york times 
i was  the first time i was assaulted . i told my shrink . he called him a jerk & moved on . a doctor of psychology invalidated assault
the is hosting a event tonight to raise money support for sexual assault survivors . 
amarillo sexual abuse victim joins movement speaks out about experience for first time ever . 
the only time when i denial  of  normal  t suffer sexual harassment is when i stay home
the posts from so many brave women ( & some men ) make distressing reading but show the seriousness of sexual harass men
in time for the movement i suggest watching a film on called no one deserves any for of sexual violence .
i  have been sexually harassed bullied because instant  message not sexy enough & privy to the sexual harassment of friends & co  - workers .
vote for an honorable senator .  + witnesses and multiple teen victims gives women a voice from 
men aren t the only ones who commit crimes especially rape . i dated women who were molested by their own mother s .
in sf  of people in homeless families were women &  of them reported suffering domestic violence in the past . this is not okay .
channel newsasia : sexual assault victims in singapore feel empowered to speak up as goes viral 
to all welcome  on cam who have been silenced in your pain due to sexual & racial assault . i stand in solidarity with you .
i once sat at a table of  incredibly powerful women leaders & discovered that  of us had been raped before .
yes it happens to men also . kevin spacey apologizes for alleged sex assault against a minor 
i added a video to a playlist alyssa milano  s hashtag sheds light on sexual assault
welcome to yesh na . yes it indeed was encouraging & powerful to see so many courageous women share their story 
men responding to what would you have done if you saw a man verbally assaulting a woman ? i couldn t do it .
i  m so proud of my fellow alabama native ! thank you  standing up  all sexual abuse victims . 
can t help but suspect that not much will change until we shift the burden from victims of sexual a bus to it s perpetrators
i honor the women sharing their stories . know that i stand with you and will do my part . it s time out for this mess .
you re not alone : thousands of women are sharing their stories of sexual harassment or assault with
movement depend on us : : men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with : : 
it  s terrifying . i mean i  ve had women i have dated open up to me about their past experiences but the me too movement has been shocking .
alyssa milano launches  me too  hashtag to raise awareness of sexual assault and harassment
as early as middle school by strangers classmates colleagues because sexual assault is real and everyday
it feels like i  have spent days watching blossom across my feeds from one or two to almost every woman and some of the men i know  /
no .  not nice misogynistic idiots like these are one of the main reasons so many sexual assault victims are afraid to break their silence 
media can obviously lead the way by setting a better example & offering better role models . ( sex ) ism sells but it doesn  t have to  /
harassment duh . but also assault a couple of times . i  have lived with it but i want better for my  daughters .
i waited years too & wasn  t believed for a long time until other family came forward . i told once as a child but was told i was being silly .
thousands of women share experiences of sexual assault on twitter [ and facebook ] through via the verge 
participants share experience of violence against women in politics and discuss solutions .
testifying tomorrow before the full committee on house administrator about my legislation to prevent sexual harassment in congress . 
thank you for apologizing . there are a lot of women who are hurting right now . we need to support & empower each other especially now
teen uses twitter to attack detectives she says raped her a rare & new move in sexual assault case 
as a nurse in houston a doctor tried to get me to sign my name to a list of others promising not to sue him for sexual harassment
aly raisman calls out usa gymnastics for it s handling of sexual abuse allegations : 
if you are struggling today as news of sexual assault allegations trend we stand with you . 
i  d be surprised if i could find a single ( woman ) who hadn  t ( experienced assault or harassment ) . 
not everyone who s been sexually harass e has the privilege to share their stories through this is just the tip of the iceberg
today almost  ( !  ) female swedish lawyers signed a petition sharing harassment stories in major swedish daily : 
wondering how many women don 't want to type don 't want to revisit or admit yet live with that thorny feeling inside .
sen . elizabeth warren joins campaign : portrays professor she once praised as sexual predator via
in latin america psychological violence against women is pervasive ly normalized & we need to denounce it . subtle or overt it s wrong 
isn t about a particular country it s a global problem it s not about one gender both men & women are assaulted and raped .
i didn t tweet  attention . i did it because i want  stand in my story . i want to move forward & i want others  not feel alone .
i stand with survivors of sexual assault now & always . see my full statement on fb
given a voice women reveal the heartbreaking reasons they joined the campaign fifteen 
given a voice women reveal the heartbreaking reasons they joined the campaign
thoughts ? men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with 
creator of the movement shares with the advice she would give to young women entering a new job
instant  message tired of telling stories of harassment and being told well what do you expect .
will forever be remembered for women reclaiming their power and not keeping quiet . the world is changing
please stay positive and remember all gays are not pedophiles nor do they sexually assault people .
i believe these women .  but it still is politically motivated and was brought on by outside forces . moore has to go and they all can take lie detector tests too .
such a courageous statement . i  m in awe of the strength of women who are taking a stand against abuse in the movement 
especially and drives me nuts ! men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with 
. on  i think most women had lots of stories to share and it was just a matter of whether they  reply comfortable enough . 
has given  1  0  0  0 s of people the courage to speak out about sexual & verbal assault . but what do we do about it ? that story  2 night on
da cher keltner : what the science of power can tell us about sexual harassment in the wake of harvey weinstein
instant  message sure that is true and instant  message heartened to see so many people of all genders colors etc . talking about what they ve experienced .
speak out against and bring attention to widespread misogynistic behaviors and the jarring realities that both men & women face !
been dealing w a wildfire in the west but needed to say this . me too . starting at age  . women : i believe you & stand w u
it s crazy how men don 't realize their words are harmful to women especially in the work place
a1 : i was initially cynical would have impact but was glad to see men i know realize their role in these stories .
my point ( & i do have one ) is that sexual abuse assault & exploitation don 't happen in a vacuum . they happen because people feel entitled
every time i see a post it depresses me more and more that so many women have been treated so horribly by men who think it  s okay to .
it starts early and is so normalized that nearly ever woman i know has stories & so few men will even listen much less believe us .
was the top trend nationwide on twitter on sunday night as women & men replied to milanos initial tweet    
no females on the earth should be treated as those sexual predators food . females are also human beings . they have right to live !
i strongly condemn the sexual assault attack on women and expressed solidarity with victims . stand for world women .
something needs to be done ! women and children should not have to constantly worry they will sexually be assaulted .
me too floods social media with stories of harassment and assault  - add your voice !
reuters :  - thousands of women across the world share their experiences of sexual harassment and abuse onlin  
because an old boss took me out for drinks to tell me about his problem with dating in the workplace and then ask how old i was
kaya jones details alleged sexual abuse by music industry execs : everyone said just do whatever they want
as a church we have to talk about sexual harassment and the reality that it is a s in against god who created us in his image !
sexual assault should be prevented regardless of whether the victim was female or male . something to remember .
olympian mckayla maroney details us team doctors scary sexual abuse in post
operator  - ed : in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers
operator  - ed : in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers  - via 
. operator  - ed : in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers
operator  - ed : in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers %  
operator  - ed : in tackling denial  of  normal  t ignore micro  - insults that harm women  s careers | fo so instead of fomo ? %  
you shouldn t have to speak about your horrible experiences for people to understand sexual harrass men is wrong .
we need to not let men get away with assault or harassment just because they re men and it s uncontrollable . it all starts at home . 
before came these women tried to take hashtag activism into the streets by
i am fascinated by my male friends who cry ally & are silent today while the women around them are crying
u defend & support a women who shunned bills rape accusers yet u are lecturing me on what trump said ?  laughing  out loud .
finally it s getting around . blind men and women need to wake up to the reality that we live in
this movement is too real . suddenly aunts and teachers and sisters and friends are the strongest and most resilient people i know .
the campaign has motivated thousands of women to tell their stories of sexual harassment and assault : 
instant  message so proud of all the women and men who has come out against these sexual predators ! no one is irreplaceable 
is a prime example of the positives of social media . her video on sexual assault was so brave well done butterfly
trump should boast & brag of how he told yeah so because he favored luther strange & not this sexual child abuser but does he dare ?  more victims
hello  you may find my practices rebirth : transforming sexual trauma program supportive . sign up today by  est to start your first session on thursday  . 
stunning yet not surprising  - maroney alleges sexual abuse by usa gymnastics team doctor  - espn 
men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with . so well done ! 
i may not be a woman but i have mother and sister me too it takes a world to have safer place for a women
with the trending  me too  hashtag it seems like now is the time that a lot of women are coming out about their sexual abuse . 
news outlets turn trauma of women into content for profit by ignoring survivors ownership of their experience . it s a choice to say
as educators we work to protect kids from sexual harass men has resources to help :
i don 't pretend to understand the struggles that women face every day but wanted to say that i  have experienced harassment from men .
because instant  message not brave enough to post this on facebook where my family might see instant  message sharing here .
instant  message a photojournalist for the missourian doing a video on the importance of would you be willing to share your story ?
it aggravates me so much that people think women including those in the public eye are disingenuous they didn  t speak out before .
rt meetthepress : watch : even some of the most powerful women in government are saying four senators share 
wherever you  reply at with it i  m proud of you . you  reply strong and you  ll only get stronger . and f any old body who trips on year healing
threat of sexual harassment and rape has loomed over women for time i m memorial . let s learn to take women by their word .
a heart breaking true story of a women s struggle  - sins of the mother ( irene kelly )
drunk mgr sexual advances windowless offices ran every time told offender my the was ready to kick his ass !
a  bring back the days when women would just shut up and take it ! said way too many men !
countless times at work . many times at parties . three times out in public . once on my walk home . this time i called the police .
why are people posting on social media ? to show how widespread sexual harassment is .
olympic gold medal gymnast details sexual abuse by team doctor :
campaign gains stride . instant  message on board & that includes three instances by plus other secular events . 
oh my  god . i forgot this .   i think yeovil a friday night . i suddenly had my bits grabbed by a bunch of drunken women . so once
because no one should suffer through episodes of ptsd because of the news and twitter and facebook talking about sexual assault
i was shaking reading this re calling my own incidents . but it s important . thank you and these brave women .
mckayla maroney alleges sexual abuse by usa gymnastics team doctor  - espn 
the number of women i know who wouldn  t be able to write  me too  is quite small or non existent .  to be honest . 
i really really want   to tweet about something happy and awesome but .  right now with austrian elections and me too i just want to scream
victims of ratner weinstein to back piven and others  come forward and tell your stories . anonymous or not .
harvey weinstein scandal : raises awareness of magnitude of sexual assault harassment 
to all the courageous women sharing their stories today thank you for your bravery . we can  - we must  - do better .
if you re not inspired to create a safer world for women after reading all of these posts then you are the problem .
organizing call : national vigil and day of action for survivors of campus sexual assault : 
you would be disgusted of how many native girls and women have been taken enslaved raped slaughtered etc all over the sins of what they call government . because of what was taught by them . not natives .
people belittling the movement as useless  - what are you doing to advocate for women who ve been sexually harassed and assaulted ?
this is a great step towards making women feel safer in public spaces
it was apparent to me at a young age that sexual assault was not one of those things that you usually only hear about happening .
nearly half of all u . s . facebook users are friends with someone who posted a tale of sexual harassment
nearly half of all u . s . facebook users are friends with someone who posted a tale of sexual harassment  
i reported sexual assualt to management and they fired me for it in  . is it okay for a manager to sack tap male employees ?
because moments of darkness denial  of  normal  t define your character and can  t hinder your light if you denial  of  normal  t give them that power
) i thought was about sharing experiences of sexual assault an predatory behavior . not someone being rude .
and every woman i know . is anyone actually surprised ? climb out from under your rock & take a seat brother . we  ve got stories .
sexual violence is entirely preventable please stop harassing and raping fellow human beings ?
if you re wondering why i have been so loud on twitter about sexual assault it is because we have been quiet for too fucking long about it
on air tonight with to talk about violence against women and girls and the power of :
the power of the harasser the abuser the rapist depends above all on the silence of women . happy b  - day to
rape costs survivors stress trust sleep and about    - must put an end to sexual harrassment culture
powerful read from brought me to tears . let us not be silent ! diana nyad : my life after sexual assault via
i was in  6 th grade when i first heard boys will be boys as an excuse for harassing behavior . i still hear it too often as an adult .
i was told i looked like a virgin and was asked if i was one . he didn t get fired until months later after harassing other women .
you are absolutely correct ! gretchen gave women their voices . from a whisper to a roar they are now being heard ! more importantly no one will be silenced ! thank you gretchen .
i spend most of my time closely or tangentially working on this issue . i know the stats . and still the amount of i see makes me mad . 
in saying alyssa milano pushes awareness campaign about sexual assault and harassment
listen to the women . party doesn t matter . an abuser is an abuser . moore weinstein b . clinton trump etc .
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson news veteran greta van 
tfw everyone who called you creepy for not wanting to be alone with other women starts getting
show me one person who said from a smile . i have a ton of women on my fb who faced real abuse .
lead by example and make a difference to end this .  made the scale of sexual abuse go viral . 
jennifer lawrence shares harassment story  - leaders from silicon valley to capitol hill speak out in camera .
cnn tert ain er reports twitter flooded with personal stories of assault
maybe you ll stop resisting the president and start holding the real perpetrators of abuse towards women accountable ?
retweeted shane ( wondering what kind of guy makes a woman tweet about sexual assault ? .
thousands of women who ve been sexually assaulted are responding to call to action tweeting
women are consistently silenced told it s their fault consensual or liars . i wish i was dead . i  have had enough in this life .
to all the women who have gone through this instant  message sorry . we as men need to do better .
not a woman but plenty of people think the parts i was born with make me one . i hope we see a day when these crimes are punished .
wondering  -  - any other women that you are going to attack today this week this month this year your lifetime ?
sexual harrassment is rampant in higher education . as adult man i was twice subjected to it
i was  year  old latch key kid . he tried to touch me through my coat . my sister too . the priest was called  him . nothing for us . nothing .
as a ww who was sexually harassed by a professor for years it bothers me that the main coverage of weinstein  s victims are ww . why aren  t welcome  on cam being covered as well ?
when the justice system creates an environment where victims of sexual crime can be protected instead of focusing on minorities w / misdemeanor drug charges maybe i ll b more susceptible to forgiveness . eh .  
thank you for the powerful i need an because after suffering in silence i need change to help me heal .
article : weinstein lawyer fired by over secret spying operation . boies : i would never knowingly participate in an effort to intimidate or silence women or anyone else .  that is not who i am .
women at work & in a variety of other places face why did the usa not sign un treaty  to ban
men with stories should preach on it if they feel comfortable to do so but sharing some of the time with women would be powerful
there is a difference but it s very thin . personally instant  message all for the movement . it s a hard ish topic as stories can be bent .
i sincerely hope men know that they can contribute to men can be victims women can be predators . this goes both ways .
from harvey weinstein to the campaign prof . nio be way talks sexual harassment & abuse via
. in risk facing name calling propaganda threats intimidation sexual violence .
as many share stories of sexual assault and harassment using one poet shares what sexual abuse looks like .
sexual assault sexual abuse stalking and sustained harassment . it has made me feel uncomfortable and unsafe my entire life .
& most women i know . it often seemed normal just a google  it  retard lot in life . learnt to accept it . hope my daughters won t have to 
we are all susceptible to tribalism . even the most woke among us . ann coulter is a very polarizing figure so it s easy to knee jerk . lots of men keep missing the greater message of
wow it s coming out that the us government is full of pervy old men . shocking said no woman ever .
men there is a huge thread going around called on facebook where women are telling 
in  case you missed  it : amal clooney  s moment  will big law face it s own sexual harassment reckoning ? by
got it but if is illustrative of anything it s that women participate in lotsa shit that feels awful to have careers in hollywood . 
instant  message pretty sure applies to every woman i know . sad .  me too .
. this  something year old women applauds the women that have the courage to come forward . ed henry is the reason they never came forward .
by people that were suppose to protect me by supposed friends by strangers on the street by family friends by colleagues .
just had a brain wave . can we who are start standing up for racial honesty in addition to talking sexual assault ? asking for a friend .
she was not given a choice good for women or americans . staying above mess was wise . for juanita broaddrick et al
i understand i know many people that have been affected . instant  message on your team . don 't berate me because i have a heartbeat and a penis .
several times i was in that bad situation . this is happening every where men think that they should dominate . last time in lawyer off .
in my freshman english class a gay thanks   again made me uncomfortable and apprehensive . i can just barely imagine how women must feel .
is donald trump the next powerful man to fall ?  women you have to treat  them like shit .   .  via
- which is why i wrote & started this festival  years ago to address sexual assault & consent . now back for  ! 
i hope that one day soon we look back in disbelief at how pathetic we were at punishing and shaming sexual harrass ers and assaulter s
& way  many times  list in a tweet . sickened & saddened sexual harassment / abuse is still pervasive in  
in a time when radical hope can seem hard to find here  s an incredibly powerful source . invest in these women . lean from them . liberation and transformation are possible .
rt ber lay mont eu news : european parliament : zero tolerance to sexual harassment and sexual abuse in the eu 
if you d like to share your story email we hope to shed light on how prevalent stories are on campus
you denial  of  normal  t get to decide when i tell my story and you certainly denial  of  normal  t get to decide my pain . stand strong .
i can t say i understand why some men feel the need to masterbate in front of women without consent . i can say it has happened to me .  more than once . 
for a parent these out cries are the equivalent of a public  service  announcement . thank you for helping us know even more need protection
sexual harassment started for me when i was  . on the street . in school . i knew it was wrong then . but not much has changed . 
is trending with over   tweets ; great that so many women are coming forward but terrifying because of how many victims there r .
i am part of the and yes it happened decades ago . attacking the victim is exactly why women didn  t say anything earlier . duh !
the amount of my friends posting is eye  - opening . people underestimate the degree to which people particularly women are affected .
i see you and stand with you ! and instant  message a dad of  girls but instant  message also a friend college hockey .
it s scary and shocking to see a post like this and the number of people posting but that is why it s important to see . 
women ! trump pr team withholding gender data normally released & key to research . 
we need to listen to women s voices and take their experiences seriously . is turning heads : v
because when i told my teacher that a boy kept commenting on & poking my breasts throwing things down my shirt she told me boys will b boys
thousands have shared their stories of sexual harassment & assault with it s time to change the tide .
thousands have shared their stories of sexual harassment & assault with it s time to change the tide . 
multiple times as an adult as i took the bus to college . one time as a  in my house by the postman . one too many times . me too .
hey let s support taran as mvmt to not only heal & increase awareness around sexual harrassment but to in for youth in order to deter & stem a horrid tide .  
starting from at least  that i recall possibly even before that and again more times over into adulthood . more times than i want to count to remember . 
this is * exactly why women are hesitant to report sex assault & rape . can yeah blame us ? 
have you posted did you know more people are reporting rapes in maine ? hear one survivors story : .
if roughly half the competition  s subject to harassment & rape those who denial  of  normal  t fear that have advantage .
did it yesterday . the first time was when i was  . raped by  men with a gun held to my head .  and other places .
pre  - weinstein everything was different . now were living in the cumulative affect of thousands of women saying
. i suppose the hashtag would fall under a trending topic . it saw women taking part in it from world over .
hear that ? it s the sound of millions of women whispering the dam of shame & silence is breaking  - hold your breath for the flood . 
the hashtag has uncovered lots of important individual stories of women who ve been harassed abused harangue d and assaulted . . .
last november when i realized that america had elected a sexual predator for president it was like a punch in the gut because i recognize one when i see one .
and the conversation is global . women are using to share the way stories have impacted the movement in latin america
this . so many people crying over the assault of the famous but they  reply the one ass grabbing at the ba ( or worse ) 
thousands of women who marched to protest president trump  s inauguration gathered to organize around issues like the viral movement . 
means nothing if hollywood actresses don 't give names . is one of many in the ugly world of hollywood .
alyssa milano  s has prompted an immediate response on social media protesting sexual assault & harassment .
hollywood actors speak of rampant problem of male abusers targeting men 
have you ever read any article reply : rape motivation ? ask affirmative ailes about it ? psychiatrist ( not freudian ) ? rape is about power . i got no $ from any of mine . 
most of these men were more than twice my age . they were also friends with my father . most of the time they d go from abusing me (  )
if you people out in the world can figure out where the red tape is .  to help the mayor of this town get what is needed 
had to quit my job because they wouldn t fire him changed my life been quiet about this  4 ever but seeing others strength gives me courage
& you  reply only seeing it from women who are comfortable enough to post think of the countless women who can  t bring themselves to post
yet majority of men i know are respectful loving and awesome . to those men help us call out the abuse when you se it please .
this transcript of show yesterday nails how women s concerns and boundaries are dismissed and shouted down . i listened and was shocked at how arrogant and aggressive he was . learnt nothing from full version here : via
as a rule hand all mics over to women of color . also it s important to credit the black woman who first started 
wow ! great reporting by & lots of brave women telling their story . 
i don 't particularly appreciate write in your status campaigns . i know a won t change much though instant  message .
when i posted that this had happened to me the other night both women and men came out of the woodwork to say very common . my god
this is so good . women friends talk about the emotional toll of and why it should be shared by men . here s news you can use 
is the first time i have ever come close to expressing the assault that happened years ago . not once but twice . different men .
shared on that i worried the harassment i faced was too minor to mention . then i came here remembered that s part of the problem
whether it be the guy slipping something in my drink or the men i plan my running route around every day ; change it .
all women should be treated with respect and nothing less anyone who thinks differently is a special type of dumb
all my female friends have survived some form of sexual violence and there is no strength in these numbers only heartbreak .
just denial  of  normal  t have enough characters to express the absurd amount of sexual violence i  ve experienced or witnessed . it  s that pervasive .
is seriously depressing  - that so many women have been harassed & sexually assaulted .  instant  message glad it s being .
nearly half of all americans have been sexually harassed at work or know someone who has . 
i dare u to introduce me to a woman who has never been sexually harassed or assaulted or put her in the fuckin book of world records
i feel that way about all the creative writing workshops that listened to my stories offered support & solidarity . 
. highlights time  - lag in don 't c are rape cases . rape happened last year . charges have yet to be filed . why ? and who is us prosecutor ? they have a name . 
that was my first instance of casual workplace sexual harassment . in my personal life and beyond i  ve experienced much worse .
the line  it started as consensual .   makes this a  date rape or date assault  story . important  - but very different scenario than
read this . denial  of  normal  t forget about r kelly  s victims too . support these women too 
yeah think ? !   . charlie day  s mock  - masturbation scene  . wanted desperately to depict between his character  s teenage (  ) daughter and a geriatric (  ) film director  . chloe moretz and charlie day are not promoting 
as well as the bravery of should tell women across corporate america that it s okay to not stay silent and to say
3 times . plus  friend protected me from her rapist i also was almost run over & abducted at age  & exposed to at age  .
however you identify yourself based on gender orientation and color  - sexual harassment and sexual assault happens to everyone .
wanting to reshare the article i wrote on my story this past summer . assault doesn  t have to be a stranger : 
because a long with pretty much every woman i know but that doesn t mean sexual assault is normal . 
join the conversation right now . v impt ! we must talk about sexual harassment and assault with our kids . 
. who has built in multiple actions against people reporting rape ? campaign risks planned ?
he was a friend . he was asking advice about women . he duct taped my hands . i said no . he cried like he felt bad . i wasn t the first .
 hope anyone please contact authorities . victims are carrying the burden & future victims need your help .
meaning he was the perpetrator of the assault reply : felt less to me like a man concerned with his action he could help (  )
can t forget : invasions of my space butt grabs and touching and verbal harassment both from strangers and people i knew well
talking about hollywood no one will drag hip hop pop rock or the entire music industry for supporting sexual debauchery . 
isn  t a post . it  s a person . not everyone will share & that  s okay . it  s hard for women of all ages ethnicities religions & me too .
as far as i know i do not have one single female friend that has not experienced sexual harassment
listen  - advice a female mentor gave when asked what men ca do to support
if you want to know what it feels like to be a woman under attack this is my attempt at showing you . yeah 
molly ringwald shares what countless other women have online this past week during the campaign . read this . 
people like this are one reason sexual harassment and sexual assault are so pervasive and no big deal . 
maybe a few less . but more than  of the sexual assaults in posts began at much younger ages . mine included .
really shocked and horrified at all the women i know who  ve been weinstein ed . thanks for your courage .
the project . ladies . girls . it is time . we need a hero . we are the s heroes . speak up . shout . together we can do this .
it s probably time to stop asking survivors of sexual assault to be doing the work says on
millennials shouldn t think shitty media men list something new . can t imagine how long my list would be w / harassment since  7  0 s
don 't forget the children who suffer .  out of every  sexual assaults in australia is perpetrated against a child !  shocking !
a  year old man at a red sox game harassing a  year old girl walking alone .
 i wish women didn  t have to rip our pasts open & show you everything & let you ogle our pain for you to believe us .  ( lindy west )
this . i wish women didn t have to rip our pasts open & show you everything & let you ogle our pain for you to believe us .   lindy west
 i wish women didn  t have to rip our pasts open & show you everything & let you ogle our pain for you to believe us .   - lindy west
in this season of let us hear from men who were sexually pressured by women ! lots of serious stories coming from women .
still coping daily with the trauma from being falsely accused of sexual harassment by the girls who themselves sexually harassed me .
sexual harassment or assault has felt like a universal female experience for far too long
i held this essay back for a long time . reminded me that telling my story was overdue :
friends ( and all the people i denial  of  normal  t know ) who shared their stories with and all of you who have stories but can  t share
agreed . pretty much every woman has a ( multiple ones at that ) and it can t be just a few busy men doing all the work
after i d tried to kill myself a few years ago another brother rang me from the uk with some advice all that happened so long ago  -
in light of is hosting an honest conversation reply : the & violence against women tomorrow worship is
there is a hollywood manager who took his  year old son to vegas for an inappropriate sexual experience with a prostitute .
the more stories i see my friends sharing the more pissed off i get that they have endured so much shame after being violated .
exclusive : former joe biden secret service agent : we had to protect women from him  weinstein level stuff  
every story has it s time . so it s okay if you re not ready to share . you are beautiful precious worthy . you and i survived !
solidarity with women worldwide . let us all raise awareness . for me it happened quickly and by someone much stronger than myself .
this is random but i  have seen some comments on post subtly shaming women for not doing anything and it just really bugs me
not but i d like to take this moment to shed light on women and young girls in confined spaces like jails & prisons with male guards .
i just went on my facebook scroll and saw  women i know share their  stories in the first  seconds of scrolling . listen .
for hundreds of years we have been viewed as nothing but sexual playthings for men . we live in a rape culture and that needs to stop !
join the conversation . tweet us . today at  est  et w / how to deal w / harassment
code pink has march and sexual abuser of   - year  - old girl | front page mag 
i had a very rude customer in my restaurant trying to make sexual advances towards my female coworker . it was bullshit . ( page 1 )
first of all we are not victims but survivors and please someone explain to me how this will destroy innocent men s lives .
the to show it won  t stand for sexist behavior . women  s voices are too many & too loud to ignore
this non  - profits tech makes it easier for survivors to report sexual assaults and helps stop repeat perpetrators 
i can  t think of a single memory of a liberal or democrat putting me into the club . plenty of republicans & conservative preacher men .
- night clubs tube and on the street why do some men think it s acceptable to grab my breasts . over in secs annoyed and disgusted .
kind of like women are expected to be ready to be raped at all times . ( not the way  2 live ) 
dear men i empathize with your facebook statuses but could we please not make this about us today ? give your microphone to a woman .
at work my coworker grabbed my right breast when we were walking to the back room . we had been flirting . he still had no right .
judge needs  2 be removed immediately rape is rape .  this is y victims r afraid  come  4 ward  2 be reply  - victimized all over again .
thank you for coming forward and sharing your story ! i hope it emboldens more people to share their story .
really ? at least six ? pretty much all the women i know have been sexually assaulted or harassed . 
me too . by : school bus driver ; college professor ; baseball star at said college ; colleagues clients bosses ( finance in ny ) etc
after everything that has happened w / weinstein and all the i am still seeing people defend the judge . time to
drugged and raped at age  by two straight identified men in their  2  0 s . the next day i was bleeding and ashamed . i told no one .
lock him up !  most women even those of us assaulted as young children never get justice . let moore be an example . 
bravo to female lawmakers staffers and lobbyists speak out on pervasive harassment in california s capitol 
and instant  message disgusted by how young we are when it first happens . it becomes the norm from childhood onwards and it s sickening
this is a great story of : why i  m not surprised when i hear that powerful men are fucking creeps 
instant  message w the daily buzz in atlanta covering campaign & would like to have you speak with me today . can u follow me to deathmatch .
a5 : denial  of  normal  t be afraid to ask for what you need . denial  of  normal  t let anyone shame you into feeling like what you need is dumb . (
was doing kid bedtime and missed most of but was stunning to read through . have also been shocked to see from people i know .
important : while is empowering it s about trauma . go to your church a women s center your friends and .
brave difficult to read at times but hopefully this will drive meaningful change . just how many women  s can't remember 
i hear you . i see you . i believe you . i will stand with you . i know this is a women  - lead campaign but yes :
action beyond big time producer calls for commission against harassment  via
humbled by the countless women w courage to say who knew  words could be both so painful & so powerful ? here s  more : thank you .
can you keep count of the many times you  ve been verbally & sexually harassed or assaulted ? i personally can  t
these women are as much victims as those victimized by harvey weinstein . they should join forces for support ! rt
these women are as much victims as those victimized by harvey weinstein . they should join forces for support ! rt 
three times . some close calls when i was younger also exposed to in public at age  almost run over & abducted at age  .
absolutely and we are furious . women are just getting started and a tidal wave is coming go grab your floaty .
sex abuse trauma & harassment of anyone is a major cause of drug addiction among young people & use of opi ods & heroin or ice meth
i will give you the voice rightfully deserve because i have been hurt too but fear is only created when you give it a hand to feed
is re running my piece due to some tried to silence us but women told and tweeted it 
you  reply asking which women have been sexually harassed ? better question : which ones * haven  t * ?
he eventually left visually upset . instant  message not in an emotional place to finish the rest of this story . maybe later .
when women speak up it  s our responsibility to hear them out . i could name a million other ways to get attention ; is not one of them
instant  message horrified that so few woman run companies hold office and decide policy .  )
 i feel useless . i feel like i should of done more . i wish i could take it all back .  what goes through my mind after being raped .
a friend who is a police officer once said to me women live in a very different world than men do . so true .
half of   -  year  old brit women say they ve been sexually harassed in a public place in past  years sept . 
believe survivors . trust women . louis c . k . confesses my accusers were all telling the truth 
harassment at private & public spaces by those known & unknwn is common and i too have experienced such abuse 
memes aside any other survivors flat out exhausted since the weinstein story broke and began trending ? like i want a vacation .
no . not all men are predators . keep the but don 't group every man as a deviant based on the dudes in your life .
random thought . did hurricane harvey cause women to be strong enough to call out the pig him
helpful tips for all of us men wondering what we can do going forward from the discussion . thanks to my .
it doesn t just happen in the entertainment industry . kudos to for their * front cover * last month ; & to all brave women .
i  m sick of reading all of these postings  not because i denial  of  normal  t support the victims but because i  m disgusted by the a * * * * * * men !
forced to have oral sex with a colleague : aid workers speak out on assault | secret aid worker 
rt us at opinion : have you seen what could me be doing to lower the number of sexual harass men 
instant  message sorry for times i  have mistreated women in word & deed . i was never as bad as i might ve been yet worse than i should ve been .
rt if the perpetrator for your story is liking everyone else  s statuses acting like he isn  t part of the problem
fantastic project run by charity which instant  message proud to be a part of . improving media coverage of 
i  have been moved by the stories i  have been reading . i want to take portraits of anyone who is willing to let me listen to their story .
to those who have been bravely sharing their experiences about sexual assault or sexual harassment : i hear you and i believe you .
wow . one stupid tweet creates a love circle so young women will no longer say have a joy day
to  -  - how dare you say this man who sexually assaulted me deserves a come back ? do you have a daughter ? wife ? 
we stand united and we will make a change for the better for all women and little girls of the world .
 i never thought in my lifetime i  d see people naming perpetrators and believing survivors . 
sadly it s probably harder to find a woman who hasn t been sexually assaulted in their lifetime .
i hate to see my heroes fall but men need to know this is not okay behavior .
i booked a powerful man on a television show i produced . he harassed multiple women there . i said nothing . 
michelle obama was at snhu one year ago this week where she gave a powerful speech about sexual assault . we have so far to go . 
[ this must change !  nearly half of the women working in america have been harassed on the job
instant  message not going to talk about it instant  message not ready to talk about it it s been decades & days but it needs to be said i am one of billions
so i am seeing a lot of talk in feminist circles about which women have spoken up about their assaults / / weinstein
i could never watch mad men because it reminded me to much of the harrassment i got in a real ad agency .
highland park mayor nancy rote ring vows to fight sexual harassment :  you think i denial  of  normal  t have any stories under .  of course i do . 
keeping your hands ( and other body parts ) to yourself is another option . there s actually a lot of options for not sexually abusing people . 
i was  year old again at    again at  again at  again at  this world is crazy . and now instant  message going to have a tiny cry for all of us then a mighty roar as i scream no more for all of us
when you accuse other people of virtue signalling you stigmatize empathy / compassion . whole point of is everyone signal against evil
for those of u who think jimmy kimmel is the champion for women s rights . feel free  watch man show reruns .
the time has come for respect & professional behavior in the workplace & everywhere . sexual a bus is never okay . 
while working in our nation  s capitol where an acknowledged sexual predator now resides as president of the united states
sad to see so many women posting but it shows the magnitude of the problem . i moved from sadness and now is
this is what has to deal with every single day re living abuse with each new heinous act reported sabine women unite
-  - because the inconvenience of getting away is all too familiar as is the way instant  message shaking after something like this .
is trending because of this jarring statistic . policy change is needed . parents must be aware . sexual education is imperative . 
thanks to all of my women friends who have courageously shared men let s keep listening & stop destructive behavior . it s up to us .
nearly all women have a story to share no matter how long they ve been trying to forget .
disgusting support of a sexual predator tells accusers  go  police via
oh and thank you to all the women who have posted .  you have made me aware of what s going on in a way i didn t realize .
it s a start . please keep the momentum of support rolling for women who are brave to stand & shout no ! stop 
the issue is more prevalent than most think . men in power feel like it  s an earned perk of their status . no it  s plain ol  groping !
she s at  + comments and counting . definitely not more of an american problem .  ask any women who s taken public transportation !
friends are in a group message conversing about the hashtag . bringing up feelings that were buried and instant  message upset all over again .
harassment of women is real . so many women with so many stories . i  ve talked to multiple this weekend alone and all have stories
the campaigns on . any victim like to share your story with me for my radio prog ? feel free to inbox me please .
a sexual harassment awareness campaign called is trending on social media
a sexual harassment awareness campaign called is trending on social media  via
a interview with an extraordinary soul actress friend & mom discussing women leadership &
this bullet journaling group instant  message in on facebook had a popular post today regarding  people commented me too .  too many .
media who post sexy photos of female actors alongside their stories  - you are part of the problem .
- female ceo asked me to  sweep my sexual harrassment under the rug  later discovered she was having sex with the guy .
by the time i was  i had already promised myself any further attacks would not just be fought against as i always had but i would fight to the death before being raped again .
numbness anger anxiety shame guilt & distrust . it takes time but it does get better . slowly but surely .
in light of me too campaign commons urges senate to pass sex assault training bill 
instant  message  in favor of campaign but instant  message so sad remembering a similar uprising after the access hollywood tapes that led .  nowhere
hi joseph . were gathering local reaction to at . got a second to chat about your post ? instant  message at  .
everyone does it sadly . so is  of the men in this country going to be out of work in a year ? i have mixed feelings on all of this even as one of those people .
yes men get assaulted and that needs to be addressed but not in a way that belittles either problem . men women non binary speak up
resistance is easier said than done when it comes to men they need to do better . being beautiful shouldn t make u prey .
serving on a panel for women in film tonight at  - ready to change this industry for good .
alyssa milanos me too tweet draws thousands of people sharing their stories with sexual harass .  via
.  i posted on fb then immediately deleted because i was terrified but all you courageous beautiful women have touched my .
thank you for writing this ! women keep sharing their trauma . but when will everyone act ?
it s very important to know we don 't owe anyone our stories . it took me a few days to think about that & decide but you know what
just so we  reply clear was started by a black woman + the stories women have shared 
just so we  reply clear was started by a black woman + the stories women have shared me too .  via
it doesn  t matter how you dress who you are what walk of life you come from .  no women deserve to have her right taken from her .
check those numbers & facts . cdn boards all the same in fact ? few women in positions of lead . except in bureaucracy . happens lots c 
get  a  life gadot won  t star in the wonder woman sequel until warner brothers . dumps brett ratner 
creepy production mgr who stalked me so badly i needed to have boyfriend come up & walk me out . many hour complaints from women . no action .
this seems like a good time to again encourage everyone i know to read this incredible piece by 
late to the party but my favorite part of sharing stories are the me too messages i get afterward . were never alone
movement is very personal . i owe no one my story but here it is  2 years ago drugged raped & severely beaten by  males .
speak up women . don 't be afraid . real men are ready to protect you against those swines dogs and perverts masquerading as men .
i  have been thinking about this all week . definitely have stories in the vein but i know for the most part i have been extremely lucky . 
well screw you if you think everyone tells at the time of their assault or rape . i was    . i didn t tell until i married .
why do strange men think it s okay to touch my tats ? admire from a distance . keep your fucking hands to yourself .
sadly i don 't believe i know any women who couldn t put next to their names . hear from three of them tonight at  6 p .
one time i was walking in my neighborhood and a man screamed at me from across the street that he was going to cut off my hair .
thank you . for campaign ! / social media flooded with personal stories of assault
the advocate mag : thanks to gilles marini for fighting the stigma against men coming forward .
stop  that paul s girls school sexual abuse claims : former pupils make allegations after campaign  via
these ideas are my matters and isn t just a game . some people simply don 't get it refuse to believe or don 't care . 
you know what really makes me sad ? now is one of the best times in history to be a women but it  s still not great .
much love to be brave enough to share details so people can see all the diversity in sexual assault
us : rape is bad  ok ? rapey guys : science ! hormones ! pavlov ! false flags ! define assault ? !  shut up !  
but she is doing okay but alone with satan is like being alone with a certain w movie script producer in some hollywood hotel
it  s been  days you were silent on harassment allegations that rocked sacramento and you want to be governor . leadership is more than talk but acting as well . 
if you ve never been sexually harassed or raped you really can t imagine how much of a trigger campaigns like can be . t read lightly .
was normal . men of power abused me physically and mentally for years . i had known most of these people all my life . (  )
as a male childhood rape survivor who has gone public and had so many disclose to me i promise : any rape stat you see is low .
judy garland wrote about her experience . in her unpublished memoir i ll ruin you : judy garland on being groped and harassed by powerful hollywood men 
people despising opposing or dismissing the campaign are afraid of change justice and dignity . they are cowards stupid or guilty .
men and the hashtag i will not meet a story of someone  s trauma w / a message to shut up . via
if you have been sexually assaulted an harassed make this your profile picture . let s show everyone just how common it is .
campaign makes me angry because i denial  of  normal  t think i know any women who could not join it . why do we tolerate this ? when do we end it ?
about a year ago the hashtag was the guy who inspired that after  fierce women came forward is now our president .
an ex  - boss countless men in bars and on city streets at the gym . it happens all the time
it happens when i walk to hockey games alone in a tank top and shorts .  women should not be treated this way ! i am not asking for it :
so i  ve seen a few disconcerting things on fb concerning the posts  ) people ( especially women ) saying .
i know instant  message not the intended participant of this tag but and i can honestly thank for providing me strength to speak up .
victims become complicit in future sex assault of others by not exposing the names of these sick perps is not enough 
i  ve been re thinking so many encounters i  ve had with men that i felt forced to accept as normal or laugh off awkwardly . it  s not okay .
this shows me that black women need more support .  years later only for it to trend because of someone else who didn t even know ? !  
harassment : i was a teen . i said i didn t want to see his penis . he didn t care . he kept pulling it out masterbating in front of me . 
remember we have a person in the white house has also taken advantage of his power to victimize women .
i lost a friend this weekend who suggested that there should be a hashtag for men to out themselves as having made sexist comments
a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago ( via
a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
a black woman created the campaign against sexual assault  years ago : : 
a black woman created the  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
a black woman created the campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
though the cause is disgusting this is pretty beautiful .  we are creating an enormous collective voice because all women can say 
amazing : makes pussy grabber grifter & draft dodgers multiple smears of war heroes & gold star family into women s fault 
keep it in the public eye this time . we can t let it return to old normal . we need a
i am asking the decent men in our communities and personal lives to keep their peace . the hashtag is .
why is it when us ladies all posted  - everyone rallied in support . but when women come forward their stories aren t believed .
they certainly got a fright that s for sure . they thought i d never tell . the abuse was no longer sexual with my eldest brother
worth a read .  social media flooded with personal stories of assault
. your husband is a sexual predator monica lewinsky tweets  - fox news 
if you denial  of  normal  t think you know anyone who has been sexually harassed your not paying attention .
. hope (  ) for rape crisis hotline . and yes you can call even if it wasn t rape . courage & care my friends . 
= what is wrong with you that you don 't get this guy off the ballot . protect girls & women that d deserves better on 
monica lewinsky to talk at about social media safety at a time of relevance with push  via
milano movement is a way for women and men to speak out about their truth since they have been pressured into silence !
you ve read their stories . you ve participated in the conversations . now we want you to meet the woman behind by tuning in to as she joins us at our hq
is this an appropriate time to or no because being a  year old girl in a world put together with men it s just inevitable fuck you
how the movement is starting conversations and creating change in the treasure valley . full story :
we men shouldn  t be surprised by we  ve seen it happen and most of us have participated in harassment some way including silence .
instant  message still confused : why haven t youth poetry organizations in chicago who ve dealt w / predatory mentor behavior not spoken up yet ?
yeah but any of those people even care about the percent of women who sell their children into sex slavery . it happens all the time .
the response to the movement from stars to everyday people was both overwhelming and eye  - opening to many .
all these stories are making me wonder how many had access to the care & support needed to process & recover ? how many have access or are currently seeking the care & support needed to process & recover ? those are going to worry me .
now they re running a smear campaign against her . it s a story playing out right before our eyes .
playing victim card now keep your filthy hands off of those women scumbag . give them the respect they deserve .
 i saw this on the and thought you should see it  - louis c . k . admits sexual misconduct allegations are true  
important statement by editorial board . will harvey weinstein  s fall finally reform men ? 
i think that we are starting to see conversation . reece witherspoon and other women in the industry spoke well about this this week
these women are so brave to keep coming out ! amber tamblyn pens open letter to james woods 
thank  you so  much sean your kind response is * so appreciated that so many good men like you stand up for us now is true progress .
reported the person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble . instant  message very sorry that happened to you .
retweet if you who have been sexually harassed ! we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
the hair on my arms is rising just thinking about clicking tweet and publicly acknowledging my story on twitter for the first time 
it  s not always a stranger . sometimes it  s your significant other . too many guys think if they  reply dating or married they  reply entitled
as a sexual assault survivor i stand in solidarity with all who have shared their experiences . i see you .
for the unsolicited penis pictures the comments about our bodies the can t you take a jokes the hidden harassment s & buried assaults :
which recent scandal has led to a worldwide campaign with hashtag in social media ?
will continue forever if harassment and abusive behavior is glorified as fun mor heroism as it is currently in movies media .
intimidation and silencing victims  - well played church but you can  t silence my story next step will be press .
a friend & i were talking . she said to me how have we ever survived our lives ? that s what happens to women every fucking day .
looks like we are asking a bunch of misogynist to fix misogyny ? solution more women in the house and senate . 
perhaps men should get into the action & show our support by posting unruly photos of ourselves with the tag ?   via
author on what is needed beyond legislation around consent to prevent detect and ensure accountability for systemic police sexual violence from at
me three ; i believe in humanity every person alive deserves a privileged life for the short time we are on this planet . booklet
i cannot imagine the trauma experienced by all of the brave women sharing for me i have lived by the words of alice munro :
retweeted the express tribune ( hundreds join hollywood march against sexual abuse .
i want to one day live in a society where no one else has to say not by turning a blind eye but in one where people are respected
over a million women sharing their experiences of sexual harassment and abuse on social media . yes
. thank you for your voice and for sharing your story instant  message so thankful for your work . 
wether it s a a movie producer or a senate candidate women deserve to be treated with respect and believed when they say
never been assaulted by a friend or family but i have been harassed by strangers countless times . not all harassment is the same but
having my own mom against me dismissing my claims of mind rape saying it s not real . if my mind is real why not the abuse ?
it s a daily fight against anxiety and ptsd but i know i am strong enough to get through this
everyone is a in a capacity . but certain experiences follow some for life . hashtag or not  - nobody is entitled to your story .
public  service  announcement : girls can get sexually assaulted / harrassed too but may not speak up because nobody believes them because of size ism .
i prefer not to go into detail on a public forum but let s just say i like many women could post a number of gory details under and it starts young . . .
for all the women who have shared their courageous voices by saying i just say  i believe you .  may all our daughters be free .
.  raped once harassed and assaulted more times than i can count and on every level leading up to rape
hope really helps women to open up & to get support from friends and families when they require them the most
all victims of must come forward to curb this crime . we must encourage people to report to police immediately .
very proud of all the women who came out in  real  life today in french cities incl and of course 
we shouldn t have to plan what time we do things what route we take or what we wear so that we don 't get raped . i  have been scared so
well katie i hope you never are sexually assaulted especially when you re trying to get what you want this is fucked up . ? 
what is wrong with people ! i am so sorry for you aly . if you  reply ever in chicago i have someone who can help . 
. one man to another shut  the fuck up . is  right . maybe you & men self  - control should get vasectomies . 
me too jt on the streets of ny . harvard club . instant  message s a what can the guilds do to protect members ? i d like to work on that .
aye fuck them they re probably the same bitches that want   to get crazy with a man but when they get that ass checked they want   to scream
i appreciate this hashtag even though obviously sucks . know you re not alone and fuck this shit .
the amount of people on my facebook feed who are dismissing the movement as over dramatic or attention seeking is completely sickening
i was two the first time . when i was seven my dad gave me  not to tell my mom .  and  . instant  message tired . 
did i ever tell you about the time i was buying cat litter & a man approached me at my car to ask if i like watching men jerk off ?
my heart is broken for so so many women flooding social media with the courage to tell the truth !
countless people come forward about assault with go look at and of course it s people mocking the tag
hesitant to say but still sharing because we need to speak up today to make the world a safer place for the next generation . 
do not let it be erased that tara na burke started the campaign . black women  s work is often erased & it is .
with all the what better time to host a teen workshop on healthy relationships and violence ? thanks to for awesome moderation  - participation thinking questioning and strategies to intervene helpfully . and for hosting !
i  ve been saddened and inspired by all the women saying these past few days . mostly i think about the ones we haven  t heard from .
he was in my living room . the male cop asked me  times if it was my husband . the female cop asked why i didn  t defend myself .
more pertinent question : what was the assault ? this campaign mostly includes groping and demeans what needs true attention .
if every woman who has been sexually harassed or assaulted simply tweeted me too it would be pretty powerful .
rape has nothing to do with what you re wearing . it isn t about sex . it s an act of violence . support other women .
i stand in solidarity with the movement . together let us share a firm stance against harassment and violence of any form .
keep thinking about christian men in authority i pray you are paying attention . it isn t out there . it s here . it s in the church .
if you re someone that has a story and don 't know who to talk to .  have you thought about having a conversation with your grandma or grandpa ?
i feel like everyday i am just waiting for the next time instant  message sexually harassed .
the postings are truly astonishing & horrifying . i wish i could say i  have only ever been an ally but i hope all men learn something
the & hillary clinton covered up bill clinton  s rapes & sexual assaults . many more women were raped because of them !  
millions are posting on their social media pages to bring to light the extent of the sexual assault problem .
talks of campaign being sexually harassed by fellow lawmaker while in us house finding voice to make it stop
funny how rabid anti  - fgm people are so often advocates of mgm . i think cutting baby boys might have something to do with
hi would love to get miss   you hands on the original sources of these data too  -  - mind to share ? thank   you
in the midst of and the normalization of gender  - based violence here s something you can do : support sex  - trafficked women & girls wi 
has been an eye opener i  d heard assault stats like but it  s another to see pple in your feed . ashamed to have not done more . 
i just deleted my tweet out of fear because someone told me that my experience didn  t count as sexual harassment
instant  message surprised how surprised i am seeing men posting instant  message very well duh for each woman i see post it which is nauseating
speak up today about the community stigma women victim face when they sexually assaulted
re reading book on touch & gender & instant  message overwhelmed by the historical echoes of tales of street harrass men
the movement demonstrates how difficult it is to come forward after facing abuse  - we stand with those who speak out or are silent .
is it a for each time it s happened ? because twitter character limit would max for some of us . sending love to my fellow survivors .
instant  message still waiting for you to provide evidence that has changed the world .  my point stands : as of yet no has .
that doesn t surprise me . easy for people to say that if you ve never been through it . tune would change if it affected someone he knew
instant  message in awe of the men coming forward and denying shame space in their lives
i  m still glad that the one time i really had to say something about a creep the people i told believed me .
sadly i was sexually harassed kidnapped and stalked at work . thank you for inviting me to share a glimpse of my story
i had a breast reduction at age  partly to improve my experience living in the world with men . daily stares . leering . comments .
. rt lanvin s dutch model esther de jong wants fashion to give the power back to the woman
no assault just ordinary harassment . just ordinary . still feels like shit i shudder to think how assault survivors feel . kind   of
seattle storm forward breana stewart shares her story reveals she was sexually abused as a child  
seattle storm forward breana stewart shares her story reveals she was sexually abused as a child
i deserve a workplace free of your sexual innuendos and out right tasteless comment keep your hands to yourself ! 
1 stop  that assault ?  5 th grade :  1 stop  that time i remember  8 th grader comment on my body in way that made me feel particularly yucky .
my grandpa when i was  years old .  my family kept it quiet . i still see him . i cringe when he hugs me . instant  message now  .
no one should ever experience any kind of sexual assault . i was   -  years old . didn t know i had a voice now i can speak & be liberated
my first time with sex ( with a woman ) was forced on me . drunk & high but still said no i don't know how many times . couldn t stop it .
chances are you or someone you know has been a victim of sexual harassment or assault . women speak up with 
being a woman in the film industry is all about connections and people like to take advantage of that . proud of my colleagues revealing their truths .
thinking of you both  - two years ago we sat around a table together sharing our stories . i will be forever grateful for that gift
the bravery it has taken for all of people to share their stories is beyond measure . we  ve moved past to
harassment begins where respect ends : you re a single mom . i have money you can t say no to a guy like me .
what it  s like to watch men like roy moore as a conservative and as a sex abuse survivor
. as a society if a man or woman says no not okay . it s met with hostility from the perpetrator and  3 rd parties . ( thread )
some random scrubby dude on the street just asked me can i rub your feet or something ? instant  message guessing that counts as a
case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence 
one week from tomorrow ! instant  message doing a about join us . were building a movement . 
it might help to think about women in your life but it shouldn  t matter if you have a daughter sister or mother .  /
the movement has been an eye opener . there are way too many cases and stories . so sad & unnecessary . we all can & need to be better .
inappropriate comments and advances by men at work ( on more than one occasion company life stage ) .
& reached the trend spot today . will we now see a change in policy hope so 
i want to thank you . you gave me courage to speak up about being gas lighted by cops . something that still hurts .
if the movement has triggered ptsd / ptrs or any thoughts of harm and you need to talk . call   -
harassment begins where respect ends : don 't eat that . you ll be single forever . no one wants a fat girlfriend .
who accused of grabbing her boobies is a trump person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble blocked years ago by block list . 
. it is halloween creepy when men posts pictures of little girls with the caption cut morning etc
women join forces against sexual assault with me too social media campaign :
can suck it ! as a woman of color who has experienced first hand sexual harassment by development creative at ratner  s rat pac so very sorry you experienced this banal of power .
a black woman started the movement  years ago . she gets no credit .  it s time for black women to
in light of the recent movement of for sexual violence visibility we would like to share how it all got started !
friends relatives the woman i barely met who just started sharing yesterday the woman who cried to me today . mostly all of us .
i used to avoid a particular house in columbia heights on the walk home from work because there were always men outside catcalling .
i was sexual molested from  to 12 by a family member . i kept silent until the death of my parents .
 i know how hard it is to speak about something so horrible [ .  ] because it  s happened to mckayla maroney 
i was  he had assaulted or harassed  other assistants work site & dozens in various publications in new  york  city  - my first real job
on of march joining on in a bit to discuss latest on hollywood & sexual harassment & sexual
nobody has to come forward with . this hashtag is to show the reality of daily life for women but also as solidarity . 
if you  ve posted the campaign message get in touch with my friend and colleague today ! 
.  guys can do this right ? dude told me he thought i was joking when i said & screamed no . !  why ? cause i told him i liked it rough
so tired of the denials and the accusations of ulterior motives on the part of victims . how many men could ( honestly ) tweet in response to
 before filing a formal complaint an aide must engage in  days of counseling .  just stop here . this is too messed up . ( and i  ve experienced gross harassment by a former congressman also . it  s real . ) 
speak up today about the dark nights you spent crying because you have been blamed for getting harassed
thank you for covering story harvey & charles tomorrow live avoided this breaking news
instant  message not going   to share my story but i stand with my brothers and sisters who have been through this because .
elizabeth perkins names james woods on a sign at women s march 
point of fact : every time a man assaulted me as i defended myself so too did other men come stand by my side .
i hope woody allen goes down this time : a french woman s perspective brilliant article
i know what it s like to keep these things hidden .  shares her story & encourages others in congress to join her :
random men have thought that they could touch me without my consent . sending love to all those who has to go through this .
harold s house spokesperson feels social media post encourages people to speak up
the movement has been a powerful one . our ceo janet langsam told her own me too story in this week  s web log 
took on a life of it s own in sweden . today  women in law are calling for change in their industry . 
agreed i just think it s important to talk about the moments that are just shitty and horrible not profound or good
instant  message really having trouble with the movement ignoring these ladies in their quest for justice .
tweeting because i don 't want some people on my other social media to see . i commend all the people brave enough to come forward .
i was actually told by a tech placement agency when i told them i noticed they seemed to have no problem placing white candidates that they were not racist but most of their clients have made specific requests with regard to race and there was nothing they could do .
if you re a man you can sympathize with but it would be powerful if you express action you will take against sexual harass men
how did this statement come about ? i picture someone whispering his ear  la slug worth and him saying  that  s sex assault ? !  
as the movement multiplies dozens of people came forward to tell us their experiences with sexual assault
it is easier to find some woman who hasn t been sexually harassed ! in my country unfortunately happens in the most of the scenarios
has started a conversation around the world .  people shared their stories of sexual harassment and .
alyssa milanos call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral 
yes alyssa milanos call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral 
alyssa milanos call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral  via
instant  message sure is empowering to those who  ve shared . but to others it only brings reminders of horrific events .  /
it takes all of us a collective of minds to focus on the change we seek . this unraveling is for us all to heal . love a woman
  of women have experienced unwanted and inappropriate sexual advances at some point in their lives .   of the women at metrics marketing said
watching the female senators on tell their stories has me in tears . thank you . we stand together to stop this !
easiest way to discredit .  js ocs special treatment ( with bonus involuntary brain surgery ) sought to make me literally a fucking freak . at first i learned to stop and apologize quickly and profusely . then i found apps for victims who would say thank you and beg for more 
you ever want   to like .  express empathy for something .  but not a lot of people know about it .  especially family .
the  8 th woman sharing her story about abuser rapist also  known as star of the world . 
in france men loved that i was american and sometimes would assume i couldn t understand what they were saying . i understood enough .
millions of brave stories have been shared is turning into a movement for safety & respect in the workplace
great ( and sad ) to see trending . this may be the biggest health crisis of all time .
when it comes to the movement i see men wondering what they can  do to help .  this is my list .  . listen .
i  have been at a loss of word this week because the last time this topic became so public i was taken back to my assault .
to all my sisters tweeting i want you to know that and instant  message so very sorry . i  have been shocked and overwhelmed by this
never raped never assaulted but absolutely harassed . and repeatedly touched on my ass after i told him not to .
do yourself a favor and read the stories told with the hashtag . horrifying and sad but also powerful and important .
what are you doing about the  in  college females sexually assaulted or raped on campus ? did u miss the campaign ?
for every i think of good men i love  - how i wish my big brother could have rendered aid . w / force if nec . for me for you all .
men be like so what do i do in the light of and i  m like maybe support survivors and denial  of  normal  t associate with rapists in your community .
reuters : rt reuters showbiz : sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations  
reuters : rt reuters showbiz : sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein allegations 
wow . so you are basically disbelieving the majority of people who posted with the hashtag ? you re disgusting & part of the problem
with and harvey weinstein what   ever hit tipping point on sex assault harassment gender studies prof says
this guy who calls woman cunts for movement thinks i would want him to follow me on twitter . no
wow what year is he living in  ? sure men will protect us that s all we need not ! now even x prez bush sr ! sad to say 
this is a banger of a read and you   all should take five minutes of your time to do so especially in light of and recent events . 
it s time  4 entire humankind  2 strengthen efforts of campaign & drive d evil out forever & bring smiles back  2 d gifts of god .
you should ve believed women before . it shouldn t have taken women you admire and love and know to say they are victims too
i  ll just say that i lost my career in the military due to shit   happens . i lost  years . all male board i had to meet with . he was on board .
every single woman i have asked has experienced some form of harassment in the work place
i did .  still feel discretion better part of valor here john .  and deserves our ( men ) support no matter our politics or our doubts
four female senators tell their stories :  that s how we make real change  says elizabeth warren
honest question . how many people actually did not know this was going on ? i assumed it was normal in hollywood . victim of fof .
7 th grade  -  years old . work grade school & dating ! there s so much i keep inside . haven t ever told my stories !
she got married and then shortly there after her new husband took a knife and killed her instant  message still not sure why
my primarily male gamer audience has been really great about my content . this needs to be said because people don 't see gamers that way .
i stand with all the women and men who ve been sexually assaulted or harassed your voice is heard .
i love alyssa milano and i support the movement  but we need to stop sweeping the efforts of black women under the rug .
love and support to every woman sharing both of us share this with you and we think you are brave and lovely humans .
fellow dudes  - your sunday reading what decent men can do in response to  - cnn 
i don't know why but sexual harassment is so hard for the victims to talk about . i almost feel shameful to say but that  s my truth .
women on social media are using the hashtag to talk about sexual assault and harassment 
now : want to fight rape culture ? says change needs to begin with men not women .
the trending hashtag has motivated victims of sexual assault sexual harassment to step forward
the biggest problem is there are to many  s ! in all walks of life . it  s hard for me to find a woman who can  t relate to now that  s sad !
thousands share stories of sexual abuse with after harvey weinstein allegations
as a lifelong fan sir shock and dismay is my response . truth is truth fact is fact . there is a line . crossed .  not by you . no sir . as a me too get  a  life . i believe truth must be there and when one is guilty . the truth comes out . blessings . thank you for laughter . 
what a powerful important episode of special  victims un it . thank you for this show .
as our facebook feed explodes with we want to remind our community and friends that people living with .
in  i was separated from my then boyfriend at the time and a security guard took advantage of the moment i was alone .  1  4 year  old .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _________ it s  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ as a gender ally instant  message grateful for the & the courage & bravery of monday ! 
instant  message so glad people did not listen to those who argued men should not share their stories .
for large co was pinned in a corner multi times but last time i remembered to use a knee but my worse was child by step parent
some men just can  t keep their hands to themselves and their mouth shut . makes it even worse when they are friends with my husband .
so proud of you . i know it was difficult to speak up . you will be helping someone else when they see you be so courageous . i am  u
so let s keep this in mind as men try to cross over . the point of advocacy is to get people to change .
you denial  of  normal  t owe your story to anyone . your experience is your own . i recognize my privilege in being able to say
you  reply welcome doll . i know the feeling i have a story & it upsets me to know so many girl have gone through it . much love
if you really care about girls & women go read to learn how your modesty idea further victimize s us .
thank you for such an empathetic response . my hands were shaking while sharing publicly for the first time even without names . 
keep digging for info on these hypocritical pervs . hope more people have the strength to come forward about these lying politicians . 
bit sad to see so many people posting me too sadder that it takes a hashtag for people to realise the extent of the problem
i was  the first time a man tried to expose himself to me in a restaurant in full view & no one said anything
there  s a special place in hell for people who doubt & blame rape survivors .
thinking about wrote about assault in my book & said something like  as a woman in america i had plenty of unwelcome groping s . 
assaulted as a child by a relative . assaulted as a college student by a date . harassed as a naive young professional by peers . 
it is heartbreaking to me that every single woman i know is posting what is wrong with the men in our world ?
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed / assaulted posted me too we might show the magnitude of the problem .
hollywood reaches his former business partner & trump  s treasury secretary m nuch in | raw story
sexual violence knows no race no color no gender or class . but the response to sexual violence does .
hosted by mfrazz : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
via watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together via yahoo !
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together  via
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
from huffpo : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together | |
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together | huffpost 
new : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
huffpost : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together : more .
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together .
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together 
we need to speak up against sexual harassment abolish stiga ms & provide support & justice to the victims .
i can t really articulate how i feel relieved people are talking about this but angry and gross at old feelings bubbling up .
yeah but what about the sense of burden for non  - men to share their story when the issue lies with men is ludicrous .
the rally is sunday ! make sure you have the perfect shirt for the occasion & support cc as a at the same time ! 
a small child answered her home phone only to hear a pervert saying what he wanted to do in my panties . still afraid of the phone
what a horrible human being he must be apparently this is woman number  that we know of . how many more out there ? my heart breaks . 
news flash : sexual harassment is not normal & neither is sexual assault . i don't care what you re wearing or how old you are .
hillary clinton is like harvey weinstein  -  - she ll rape & abuse anybody in order to pad her pockets with gold . 
it was an excellent morning to take part in the rally . thank you to the speakers and organizers and all the friends that joined us . 
stumbled on this quote in alice walkers in love & trouble  - thinking about the countless stories . we can t go back to easy .
movement needs to expose the faux  - feminist traitors who create the systemic problem via intimidation :  -  - > 
forgot to say i was extremely suicidal this time last year ( when this conversation took place ) . i was getting my affairs in order
sometimes you need solidarity in order to fix a problem . that s what the campaign was all about from the start .
my feed is flooded with all ages all genders across the world . the stories are overwhelming but the silence is heartbreaking .
grandma interview . while a black woman for  2  0 years been advocating meanwhile alyssa milano at dinner parties w / weinstein ?
create a culture where victims feel they can come forward . it starts with leading by example .
famous & white matter too sexual assault or rape is wrong no matter who ; but don 't forget the backlog & all other victims . 
multiple times . different countries . and i consider myself lucky to have escaped more serious assault .
me too . i feel fortunate that i  have only been harassed . i stand with those who have bravely spoken out . we need this global conversation 
also don 't forget the countless members of the lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. community who have been sexually assaulted
multiple times n today instant  message more successful than each of them . abusers u can t break us : and still i rise .
if all who have been sexually assault e set their status as  me too  the world might see how big the problem is .
my husband once asked how often i get called at when running ( alone and with people ) . it s easier to say how often i don 't  -  - rarely .
suggestion : if happened to you  - > and learn how to kick back all ( sexual male ) predators any time any place
i wrote it down because it happened . it s not nothing and instant  message sick of normalizing this sort of behavior .
i don 't presume to know how it feels to be harassed / assaulted .  but were listening and want to help make a difference .
we are survivors and shame on any one that thinks otherwise . to the great men that are standing up for us thanks for all your support
i  ll never forget the first time i was sexually harassed in the workplace ( age  ) . i felt helpless & violated like so many others .
if i have ever posted a tweet that someone feels was harassing or abusive i want to apologize . i never want to make someone say
all these celebrities coming out courageously with the have rape as well as rape culture close to my heart and it s so thread worthy
thank you & for making speak up about my scars as a domestic violence victim . i am strong .
sexually abused for  years as a child . but there s healing on the other side to get your life back . what s your healing story ?
twice . it s been years so i can admit that . that s why abuse and empowerment is prevalent in my writing . we need to talk about it .
i remembered the first time i experienced this . i expected  no  to be respected but my voice was ignored . it was terrifying .
women are sharing their stories of sexual harassment and assault on social media
for all the police women who suffer this crime while trying to fight crime . call it double duty triple stress
top story via hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages per   see more 
countless times in a bar being harassed or booty slapped by a man then called a bitch when i clapped back .
that s why i have been developing my own media empire . made history twice ! once in la once on wall street the stories i could tell
so happy that the mad men mentality is finally coming to a head god bless the
rt hannah s uy dam : to anyone saying the  tweets are attention seeking you are the reason women are afraid to speak up after being s 
it  s happened so often it  s become mundane . sometimes you feel it  s too hard to rage . everything from comments to physical assault :
i  d love to hear the stories of our senators and congress persons  - wouldn  t you ?  stand up !  speak out !  lead !
same folks who needed to prove rape probably needed  1  3 th film to prove racism and constant hurricanes to prove global warming . notice the pattern here .
i am proud of the women who have been victims of pred it rpy behavior sharing theirs stories across the world by saying
a long time advocate against domestic violence from reveals she s a survivor too via
week  of louis c . k . and roy moore face sexual misconduct allegations .
week  of louis c . k . and roy moore face sexual misconduct allegations
yep  -  - and this whole conversation of has honestly made me think of times in my life when i swept my own hurts aside .
during the campaign gpr revisits our post on gender  - based violence . will this crisis get worse or improve ?
not ready to share my story publicly but if you know the story already & were close then you know the power of these words .
sexually abused for  years by a  year old dude who gave me $ bought me dinner . when i didn  t go to his room said i was being  fresh 
why am i not surprised by the number of women i see on social media saying because almost a year ago i .
( part  ) girls learn how to expect to be treated by men by witnessing how their father treats their mother .
to all the young girls out there who have already been exposed to harass men are valuable strong and worthy of respect .
by teachers coworkers colleagues friends people i trusted people i didn t know .  what do we have to do to be believed ?
because people think it  s okay to  joke  about rape and assault because  what are the odds it happened to anyone in this room ? 
how has nat l conversation around sex harassment changed way you act at work and among friends ?
just left what was supposed to be a meeting about a job possibility and the man offered to get a room
just read the thread that goes a long with that tweet . and they wonder why women are saying 
alyssa milano talks on grandma :  it has to go beyond just a hashtag movement  
many people i know have been sexually harassed an assaulted . it s not okay it is such a pervasive undercurrent in our society .
important read for friends colleagues and boys i teach : to the men on the other side of  via
love that i get to tell my students that i met and passed a long their admiration + support .
i was sexually assaulted on a student trip when i was  . i was blamed for having a boy in our room .
& would be shocked to find a woman who has never been harassed or assaulted . hopefully our daughters won t have the same experiences .
this exercise feels similar ; other have said and i ll repeat : it sucks we have to broadcast our pain to try to get people to listen
thank you to all who pitched in today . we started loud and moved to comfort each other w / strength and compassion
molested as a child raped as a teen and currently work w / a man who triggers severe anxiety w / unwelcome hugs and attempts at kisses
we all have did i we all have . sadly nepali society still isn t open to discussing these issues . hopefully  story at a time
crowd : instant  message here instant  message listening what can i do to help ? ashamed and proud all at once . keep it up .
and when i finally  told people many responded by saying i was lucky i hadn  t been raped that it wasn  t actually all that bad
this die hard trumper really tried to use as a platform to diss hillary clinton because of her husbands actions like really . why .
but more physical abuse . instant  message still undecided and disturbed by everything else .  scratched his face though hope it left a scar !
is more than a viral campaign . it s a social movement and a call to change ; that began  years ago .
an example of the power of social media to bring people together to make an important statement . 
me too . if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too we might get a sense of the magnitude of the problem
wow !  never knew the power of a hashtag so much as complete n unbiased support  suffering womanhood & humanity all over the world
i was  working in the restaurant industry when my   - year  - old boss sexually assaulted me at work
obviously . i am pretty sure i don 't know any of my female friends who haven t at least been harassed .
standing with all women who have been sexually harassed assaulted or raped . i see you . i believe you .
hashtags like are necessary . for far too long abuse exploitation have been passed off or brushed under the rug as normal routine
is a public transportation issue . yet wmata doesn t track stats of the crimes nor prosecutions . absent that info it s hard to stop the next woman from becoming
so held a town hall on and spends time asking matt mc cory his thoughts before letting the founder of speak
i  have had many swamp rats try & bite & infect me . but instant  message a victor not a victim . god bless the broken hearted & hurt . 
a local angle on the global phenomenon of thank you to all survivors who have spoken out . we see you we believe you we support you .
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims :
[ the register ] over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims [
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims ( register )
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims
.  and here comes the onslaught of good guys who are surprised by their peers who rape assault and harass . don 't buy it .
oh it s a fun day in hollywood & surrounding communities ! knifes out stories being told he said  - she said with some truths .  don 't forget to tip your maid .
snap !  we are the revolution ! love wins art saves lives words matter you know who you are take a knee vive la revolution mamas !
this is one of the things were talking about when we say people knowing about objection abl behavior and by lack of any meaningful response normalizing the offens iv acts . 
thank you rona . i have much to be grateful for . i hope sharing my story helps others in the same situation realise they aren t alone
i  have been cat called in the streets of bogot . i had to leave a night club in ro de janeiro because the harassment was too much .
every man who has sexually assaulted or sexual harassed a woman should be afraid we are coming for you . 
i hesitated a long time before adding the hashtag to my fb status writes ba  .
woman girl boy child they sure raised us up so polite you know don 't nobody like a tattle tell
why do you   all think we all know and told certain people isn t part of rape culture
finally thousands to join hollywood march against sexual abuse  via
i was sexually assaulted  dif times & walked away believing it was my fault because i was drinking i knew them & was unable to say no
so my wife was listening to the radio when someone said many have a story and denial  of  normal  t realize it
movement continues to grow as more accusers make claims against celebrities politicians
bbc news  - carrie fisher gave a cow tongue to predatory producer to retaliate sex abuse 
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we can see how powerful we are together
( * instant  message an actress and i work behind a bar in service industry .  me . too . )
not being cynical but would really like to see how long the current wave of hasht i vis m lasts till the next issue becomes worthy .
no . unsolicited calls to victims make matters worse . please consult experts before advising abusers to reply  - traumatize their victims . 
another form of harassment is guilting victims into coming forward before they  reply ready .
when started everyone was angry no one was naming names . now they are but people are still angry . maybe it  s time to be less partisan and more human .
so being cornered in a store by adult men at age  while looking for candy because hey that s what kids do was my fault ? !
staying completely silent on a subject like this never feels right to me but i don 't owe anyone my story .
a1 i shared but i didn t share my stories . i worked in a male  - dominated field before teaching & there are just too many
i was  in my  1 stop  that job out of college . he was ceo of a company . fortunately someone walked in just in time . i told no one .
my uncle . i was  years old when it started . i did not know the words to use to tell anyone . at  i spoke but no one believed me .
you don 't need to be fa to know what was said to this young woman is not a joke . horrible . thanks for your courage grace 
male manager said i should shake my ass in front of a group of male trainees . hour said a report would create issues for me
utah women take to social media to share their stories of sexual harassment  -  via
i worked for a company for  years with good yearly reviews . during that time i had been harassed and treated with hostility . by the male managers . when i complained i was fired for  wks later .
this . showed that we all need to be dedicated to addressing this widespread issue  - appreciate support from allies like 
doesn t mean we need to teach girls to be stronger . it means we need to teach boys to respect women .
yes the secret self  - investigation could do more harm than good . we need real reforms not reply  - traumatized victims . 
the global catharsis that this hashtag brought has been a long time coming and absolutely necessary .
we need to send the right message to young people . it is okay for them to speak out we have their backs
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status .  someone somewhere will think again .
if all the women who have been sexually harass e wrote  we will give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
the whole time i was defending this asshole n for assaulting me to avoid a fight i was thinking why am i doing this ?
everyone posting their stories  -  - your bravery and strength is inspiring . use this as you need it this week . 
i  have been cat called my breasts have been grabbed my ass has been slapped etc . instant  message not alone .
i would honestly be more shocked if i could find one woman in this entire world that has never been harassed at least once .
 we denial  of  normal  t really need to teach our sons not to rape .  clearly you do .
wish i could personally give a consented to hug to all posters and tell them it s going to get better .
a note about the hashtag : guys with any problem this widespread there s no way each and every one of us isn t a part of it somehow
he went to jail but i just wish they would have believed me then it wouldn t have happened to me instant  message happily married for  2  7 years now
they will never get away with it law must take it s course . campaign revealed unexpected and i so wish more to come
hi jeremiah the pictures were from global s story i believe ! i only took one picture from our vantage point during the speeches .
i told her every time it happened & shed say i ll talk to him . it never stopped the whole  years i lived with my mom . age   -  .
let s remember that is not just ab a one  - time incident ; this is a pervasive problem defining the daily experience of being a woman
poll : do you think black women are being erased i . e . campaign started by a black woman  1  0 years ago ( takes credit ?
to all remember to take time for yourself nurture your soul and bring happiness and joy into your life in  other  words to focus on  - me too .
if anyone tells you that the world is equal come to me . i will tell you in every way every single day i am reminded that it s not .
has led to  the quiet self  - interrogation happening among men ? interesting for digital activism folks 
me too . and i worried that my sister would see it . not going into details . love and prayers to everyone who s spoken up and those who haven t
not everyone in hollywood is bad there s a lot of fakes all over the world . fine laced ministers cops on the take .  etc .  etc
bandwagon ? or finally atmosphere allows to speak up ? really more than a it s about end this bullshit  - locker room talk & all
there is a difference between knowing something and truly believing it . you have the power to make change . believe it !
instant  message aware you do understand that i am not judging them but i am just stating their silence led to more . so without names is nothing .
thousands to join today s hollywood march against sexual abuse .
after people are going   to be raw . be kind today . you can t know what disclosing  - or not !  - cost someone . survivors be kind to yourselves too .
look at many responses to after call from to write me too if you have been sexually harassed or assaulted ( video
as a teenager i was sexually harrassed by a drunk man in a b . e . s . t bus . ignored it then . won t be the case now .
mock the campaign but this bullshit statement is why we need to be clear that it  s not funny it  s not acceptable it  s not okay .
the person who i am currently in trauma therapy for was someone i opened up to about a past assault who said i could trust him
. makes an excellent point in this thread . i hate that i  m just waiting for the other shoe to drop on the movement . but i know it  s coming . it always does . 
i am friends on facebook with my assaulter . yesterday was their birthday . it is killing me to see all these positive posts for them
thank you to everyone who shared posts . you bore witness to an ugly sinful reality & challenged us all to do better .
do not concede . raise men to remember that every woman is a sister a mother a friend to someone
i  have been sexually harassed but not assaulted or raped . instant  message one of the lucky ones .
instant  message not surprised but i am moved by the all over my feeds & trending on twitter and fb
after alyssa milano tweeted it has become an rally cry for those who have been sexually harassed or assaulted . 
will be remembered as the year of wonder women . the campaign women taking their power back and the fall of misogynist titans have started to crack the glass ceiling . may it shatter in
as a male sexual assualt victim from a family member i  m proud of those coming forward !  
instant  message more afraid for my grandchildren and their friends . i taught my grandchildren self defense tactics when they were very young .
victim complain apologises seek help go to rehabilitation program . this is the norm nowadays if u are rich & famous
not really wanting to post this on all of my social media but i think there is merit in seeing the numbers
when u see trending because people want to show the world they re victims but won t expose the perps or their pals
not super comfortable putting it on facebook but but also like . if you need me to tell you i  have been raped for you to care you suck
yep  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - but also giving credit : the campaign was created by a black woman  years ago 
me too : a watershed moment : collection of bold narratives from a range of writers male and female documents the social movement against sexual assault .
grab assia is a disease like alcoholism . support research and a cure . denial  of  normal  t blame the victim  - help him .
no woman should reflexively stiffen & speed up when passing a man or be cat  - called or touched by them & feel gross for days after .
probably because my career has been guided for amazing female advisors instant  message one of the few fortunate that cannot post a story (
i learned a new word today ! catalyzed some intersectional language among my brilliant social media friends 
better question is this : did katy tur get hired by msnbc cause she dated it s then star old man olbermann . was their first meeting
when i walk down the street don 't tell me to smile & that i have a pretty  hot and  tasty a $ $ & i won t tell u to get off the corner & get a job !
this is real . it never leaves your mind . i survived but struggled for a long time . my mom believed and fought for me . 
i denial  of  normal  t know a single woman who hasn  t had a harassment or assault experience .
in a train in a public place on social media . i can vouch for and say if you re a woman you have definitely been harassed .
there are an infinite number of ways you can be sexually harassed or assaulted . i ll briefly explain one way it happened to me .
as impactful and eye opening as the movement has been it s the movement that s going to lead to real change  -
can i give the biggest hug ? domestic violence is not okay . i speak from experience .
fact : the posts make me sad . thank you for sharing your story . here  s hoping it makes a difference .
women share stories of sexual assault harassment on social media
nice how is tweeting lots of stories while a man who wrote a rape fantasy preps to open their
i  have expressed the sentiment often but stories behind the movement really hit home . i don't know if it will ever end but were not alone .
i posted my story and immediately got gross harassing responses . cool .
i believe you . and i respect you . i think that you are extremely brave just for the fact that you are sharing this with the world
present but unaware . i loudly told him to get his hand off my a * * never touch me again . he didn t but kept on w / female coworkers
if you re a man using try to remember that it s possible to have an experience of the world that you can t relate to and honor that .
a video of an government official appearing to sexually exploit a female employee has sent shockwaves through reports 
so many times physically and mentally abused in my life . am stronger despite the awful abuse .
when i was  i got cat called by  men on motorcycles while wearing this outfit sitting on my cousins driveway reading a book . why
instant  message independent . i do a lot of things alone . there are way too many things i  have had to stop doing because of sexual harassment 
we freeze because we  reply afraid . we freeze because we denial  of  normal  t know what to do . some of us freeze because we fear that if we fight we  ll die . 
yes many emotions with the campaign especially since i have  daughters and one wanting to go into the entertainment field
a few years ago we made a sketch from real moments to help raise awareness for men who may be scared to say .
reply my last tweet  - songs always help & this might very well be best choice for our growing community . here my story :
i wrote this last semester as a spoken word poem . in support of the movement i hope this will resonate louder than a simple hashtag .
that  s why i write the kind of books i do ! to help girls know they have worth and will be okay in the end  - like me !
find power in two simple words . survivors are never alone ha wc  s hotline advocates are here and .
women use social media to share stories of sexual harassment and abuse
ajenglish : women use social media to share stories of sexual harassment and abuse
ajenglish : women use social media to share stories of sexual harassment and abuse  
fucked up that we have to sacrifice our privacy to be taken seriously as human beings . but still a long w every woman i  have ever known
were i to post a i have no idea after  years of life as an american woman swimming in sexism daily what anecdote to tell .
if all the people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted  me too  we might show the magnitude of the problem
gay ass homo  - d icn ! politics sports next stop .  musicians ( hip  - hold  on & roll ) get your stories ready fellas .
do you have a story critical or personal ? submit . your fb post could be turned into a powerful essay sister . 
it shouldn t have to take a viral hashtag thousands vuln era bly admitting their traumas to elicit any kind of social change .
special mention to profs who use ( what you naive phd student think are ) work related meetings as a cover for something else .
the lady who made  to look bad the store knew my family but didn t know this dude .
so then my good   friend ak said regarding with every post please know that i see you i hear you and i .
thank you . and while you cover halperin please cover trump . accusers have voices and speak truth .
i haven t seen a twitter trend as impactful and harrowing as in a long time . pay attention to this
- no a hashtag campaign won t fix it but it gets us talking about what matter . the problem is we don 't talk about it enough .
bill clinton offered get  - out  - of  - jail  - free cards to a whole army of sleazeball s from epstein to weinstein 
was grabbed  different times & a man photographed my legs on ny subway . was too scared on all but one occasion to say something .
and the may i m bail ik  s of the world who think rape is a risk for the physically beautiful w sex appeal ; i looked like this :
i see a sea of survivors coming together & i pray this wave creates ripples . changes something somewhere . even if it s for  person .
the woman behind  me too  knew the power of the phrase when she created it   years ago  - post
hoping to hear from lehigh valley residents about how it felt to post and see the hashtag trending 
elizabeth smart : being here tonight with what s going on in the media with is a time where it is making more news .
this woman is a brilliant creative talent who should have been nurtured celebrated championed enabled to do great work win awards become the global cco of a big agenc instead this is what drove her out of the industry . 
alyssa milano promotes campaign : let s fix this problem  - reality television world via
me too . if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted me too people may get the magnitude of the problem .
enabling predators creates more stories . wife recycled pastors support letter written before the allegations
to those in my timeline saying and to those who don 't want to say it on twitter but for whom it is also true  - instant  message right beside you .
if all of the women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too people might grasp the magnitude of the problem .
is a major part of the problem .  they are huge enablers ! the hypocrisy of their coverage is what is truly ruining journalism . it s not a news channel it s breitbart lite . 
years before celia an enslaved black woman took revenge against a white slave owner who raped her . 
it is so empowering to see all these stories ! i support those who have been sexually assaulted and who had the courage to speak up !
all the damn time . and it happened to twice in the  days that tape came out . i didn t do because no shit
should not allow anyone to forget that never spoke out against weinstein ; she offered a lame excuse for her silence .
join the change maker hub in an open discussion on the movement . starting at  in sleep  lunch will be provided .  be i university of san diego
i truly think that in a world devoid of these disgusting acts we would be far ahead and more interactive than where we are right now
we need outcry from media for removal from office .  + allegations u push for removal . please what about double   team ? u all
in my  2  0 s i was sexually assaulted by my boss who was a doctor . i told the police & the ask me  anything & was discouraged from pressing charges .
women and men : stand up and out for the victims ~ often too young of change it to < ~ ~ not going   to take it .
the problem with the world is that no matter how big the movement has gotten it s still hard for a lot of us to say
and let me also name : i have been complicit in misogyny . i have missed opportunities to help people heal . i am not only a survivor .
today at  in monrovia ca . a event of support and healing . please rt and come out if it would help you . 
when men ask  y did u wait so long to tell someone ?  because we get questioned no matter what
every decade seems to have a collective which takes hold to sell copy . in the  it was devil worshipers in the  it was believe the child and today it is the of &
we cannot silence those hurting or wait for a better time to acknowledge them . we need all voices calling this out . 
.  he felt the need to pull me aside after words & tell me he wants me to send him photos .  [ continued ]
i applaud your decisi in to remove from your advertising .  it shows you have a moral compass & that you respect and stand beside decent moral values .  i will continue to support & purchase your products !
the campaign makes me feel a lot & emotionally exhausted . so now coping skills : shower write listen to s & g talk to my femme friends
no one wants to be sexually assaulted  - if you have been i am so sorry  - no matter how u identify your age gender . it sucks .
why are trump s victims not heard they are over looked but victimized & need support like all of you ! rt 
sexual harassment is very traumatic esp from usaf commander . dug deep to report my boss to his boss . nothing happened . nada .
i worked for satan himself . satan has a brother . he was sexually harassing workers in the back . he sexually harassed me .
as an professional i knew employees who were assaulted & raped at work . is why i worked so hard to end
college junior intern . daily comments from men in both parties about my body . said nothing because i didn  t want to shut doors .
rape as cost of business .  . )  and then can teach  . )  un founding and witness debunking have got to go .
sending my love to all the survivors who were silenced when trying to tell their story . i believe you i am here for you .
if only the worthy deserve love she doesn t stand a chance . finding heaven out today ! beautifully written .  - kristin dyck
been called the c word by a man who bumped into me in a store and then went on to say i deserved be jumped or better yet raped .
i was a kid  - he lived in my home & assaulted me when i was alone . i suffered ptsd & severe insomnia for years  - it has haunted my life
you cheapen the movement by making this claim . and you have undercut the strength of so many people who have made  to look bad their experience .
i never thought of it that way . i was thinking entitlement or lack of control . now i think you are absolutely right .
the more we chat on diversification of information the broader the questions reach as to what is in place what can work and what can work better . bigger better faster more . 
watching the news with little winnie this morning  - can t believe i just explained workplace harassment to a  year old
white folks version of the movement . we say slavery irish we say discrimination wy pippo education jobs we say dreads are our culture wy pippo madness !
sadly i have been sexually assaulted a few times never raped . this is a huge problem . speak up for those who can  t
i  have sat here  the past hour typing & deleting . just know : it happened it s scary instant  message strong instant  message loved & instant  message thriving
missouri s own claire mccaskill shared her story on meet the press a long with elizabeth warren and two other u . s . senators . 
please watch . and share with your sons and daughters . bravo thank you for being my voice ! 
i could fill  tweets with the number of times i  ve been sexually harassed in my lifetime . i stand with all who have come forward .
imagine how you would feel and respond if i responded that way to you posting a commentary . i would be post of the problem . correct ?
i thought about what to say in this tweet for a long time until i realized i am not obligated to share my story . all i got   to say is
if society didn t bully the victim deny h words they would want to speak out . remaining silent is painful .
my rap is it was only able to get a maximum of  months in jail . trails would have taken longer . it wasn  t worth it at the time .
teaching my niece and great niece why it is important to vote ! teaching them they are not second class citizens and can be anything they want . fighting for a better life for my nieces .
the stories show that men who have never experienced sexual harass men need to show and work to end such violence .
please take the five minutes it takes to read carolyn custis james s excellent essay here about and the .
make sure those who need support are aware of this event in monrovia ca   at the episcopal church on california .
when a man who told you the only reason you get asked to keynote is because you re a pretty girl jumps on the bandwagon .
and if it s someone i do not know you have to wonder how that person was so empowered to shut down any search for truth or solution . 
prayers & love to all no matter how old u were what color u are what faith u pursue or how much shame you ve had to carry .
a modest suggestion to media outlets covering harvey weinstein : how about stop making us look at that monsters face ?
even if you haven  t experienced assault read the hashtag so people know their voices are being heard !
(  song lyrics ) five man electrical band ~ absolutely right .  and i was wrong ( and here it is  ) such very important lyrics for some in the entertainment industry 
the bartender openly talked about female guests bodies in front of me & mgr told me he was just being stupid . both still work there
i feel like i get sexually harass e so often that instant  message legitimate scared to be around men
in august aly raisman criticized usa gymnastics usoc for response to sex abuse scandal
scrolling through the tough  luck devastated by the amount of all my love & support  my sisters . fellas what   ever got   to be better . this is on us
not only at work but in higher education and funding my friend took my scholarship papers back for me and was asked for her phone
is my everyday motivation . i denial  of  normal  t do it for applause . my voice can get lost in the noise but i speak anyway .
- the strange man outside my home telling me to lift my skirt when i was  year  old . my mother beat him up .
a football coach to me  you sure look good in that tight skirt  as i walked down an empty hall . asked if i  d like to see more .
thanks for the powerful today . instant  message energized to and step up my game . i  have been quiet lately .
sadly our numbers are staggering . instant  message sure most of us could have written a book about our experiences .
not sure what  s better to get in there blast her fake feminism and gaslighting  apology  or if everyone just ignored her . 
i  ve had recently comes from these imaginary world s . and the good place is one of them . thank you for inspiring as a human too .
when i had my near death experience god told me that my purpose in life was to teach respect . now i know why .
feminism is not synonymous with being a penis . i support your work but please don 't pick on the boys who are on our side .
 get used to it  what a math teacher told me as a  year old girl when i complained a boy was sexually harassing me .
i could literally go on and on . these are just the stories i am comfortable telling . it s disgusting and it has to get better .
restart the chain   -  i was beat raped  -  - while others watched .  1  8 year  old scared + had no where  go  help . now  + still cry .
if you see any dude getting upset or annoyed by the tweets then there  s a high probability he is a part of the problem .
wow was the pre  - cursor to this was  years ago  -  - poignant now that the incident has made it safe now for many to speak up . instant  message so proud .
been thinking about it long before weinstein . better articulated the distrust of men we are taught by our father s .   / 
i had to spend a little time thinking on it too . in some respects i have often been ( without reservation ) considered one of the guys . in some respects that might blur the lines a bit however i can sadly say
a few months after everyone believing melania is an abuse victim and a couple days after now it s chc to attack melania ?
i learned multiple sexually explicit terms from a stranger on myspace who felt compelled to send them to an  year old .
oh wait that s right they don 't write email they take it . because they have to . who s going to stand up for them ?
men don 't say you have a mother a sister a daughter .  say you have a father a brother a son who can do better . we all can .
in her latest article kristy t raut mann discusses the power of and calls on us to create a safer world . 
yes i know here why i believe  accusers over roy moore because he should be in jail or an institution where he cannot hurt anyone anymore
there are many people who have experienced sexual assault but can t post doesn t mean sexual assault isn t a problem in your community .
just heard of this initiative in my anthro class yesterday . good to see it in effect you  reply not alone .
instant  message a little behind on this trending hashtag and honestly it s been difficult for me to 
as real solidarity to how about men giving the word over their lives then we are talking change .
as real solidarity to how about men giving the word over their lives . then we are talking change .
can u call someone at the no  strings  attached & tell them i ll never work stop harassing me  tech workers short in govt
at a young age ? uh  - huh . hurt ? lots . happened more than once ? o mercy yes . but this : instant  message standing unbowed never to be fooled again .
it  s heartbreaking to see my facebook covered in friends bravely posting i love you . i  m here for you .
to painful to remember staying off twitter for self care . but will talk to mija so maybe just maybe she won t have a me too story
instant  message still not strong enough to share my story but .  and thank you to all the brave women who are
and of course men have to jump right into the conversation because male privileges . shut up . listen to us . believe us . it s not about you .
instant  message so sorry . i hope you find peace and healing . from one survivor to another .
his defense ? no complaints in  years . that s the point ! they were afraid to tell before now . emboldened by they feel safe 
yesterday a man referred to my boobs & tits . i said not to speak in a vulgar way or ab my body . the woman said it was no big deal !
thank   you for sharing the story . felt like i was re living my own everyone knew but no one talked in  .
wondering what my social media feeds would look like if victims of racial profiling and police brutality had a hashtag like
going trough the me too tweets and instant  message literally in tears . i  m so sorry this happened to y  all
 come out of hiding you  reply safe here with me .  this song sung by steffany gret zinger is my heart for any who needs someone to tell .
roy moore s supporters say the professional  - life movement is about protecting the unborn not actual children 
if you would take a look at this . this is part of what you started with your simple hashtag of this needs published everywhere ! 
asks me if i  have ever been with an older man . i answer with a flat no finally back out of the spot and shake for the next  minutes
and this was about one year after my personal story happened . it s a vulnerable age and knew that and took advantage of it .
almost  hours ago i wrote my tweets . the outpouring of support kindness & sharing since has been overwhelming . thank you .
 fear is not part of sex .  great article by ( just ignore the clueless comments by men below . ) 
it s time for americans  and especially democrats  to face the allegations against bill clinton argues 
a reckoning it s time for americans  and especially democrats  to face the allegations against bill clinton argues 
a black woman named tara na burke is the original creator of the campaign .
domestic violence awareness month doesn t end in october . one columbia nonprofit is pushing to continue the movement . tune in to at  9 p to watch .
give credit where credit is due . black woman tara na burke founded the me too movement ( via 
my moms been less lucky she could tell you stories of an abusive husband or of gang rape in high school in the  6  0 s . for her .
to the people : don 't be afraid it ll affect your career to blow the whistle on a predator  - predators don 't care about your careers !
because wearing a dress doesn  t mean it  s okay for men try to follow you home
now on grandma : abc news exclusive : alyssa _ milano joins the show to discuss the movement
i am stunned and believe i  m glad that the campaign has reached so far as to topple a british minister . long past one to change !
the reinforced images we see in media and film desensitize us to rape and assault being okay or normal in our society
updated : and the plight of black girls are the focus today . hear the stories . share and discuss . 
  it is so horrible . powerful people are attacking corey . please help him . ( watch open secret )
it s tough to see how will yield a needed cultural shift but for now today the dialogues opening up are inspiring enough for me .
if this makes u uncomfortable i won t apologize . holding you   all in esp my folks listen to survivors & support them .
great to give a shout out to but please credit the right woman for starting it .
it  s a shame hillary couldn  t tell her husband  s victims  i believe you  . it may have made a world of difference .
coming up on grandma : startling revelation from olympic gold medal gymnast mckayla maroney as the movement expl  
canadian man found not guilty of wife is it okay to steal millions in canada if you denial  of  normal  t mean no harm 
you re really a son of a  bitch to challenge me for not getting raped at work and needing my gun to stop it . sicko . 
. i would love to see more educational programs for young boys on respect boundaries equality managing emotions all that s needed .
i was groped by a gay man once in a crowded train feels bad even today
take action & ask your local representatives & senator  end the back log on rape kits .
out of admiration & respect for those sharing stories today i wrote one of mine . time for the tide to turn .
when i got my first big job i had an opportunity to talk about the weight survivors carry .  -  - and way too many of you too .
i wish i could go back in time . today i have the courage to stand up to my harassers & say  n off !  enough is enough !
dear every white woman anywhere if you ever have an idea please check to see if a black woman had it first . chances are she has .
) i leaned in the door jam and knocked lightly . he looked up and eyes bulge d and said jesus . do those things get bigger by the day ?
i experienced many groping incidents during my travels totally changed my behaviour now extremely cautious of people
for my younger self who said  i shouldn  t have gotten so drunk .  and didn t know why she felt so gross in her own body
hours cut to zero when refused to date boss plus other things i could mention but will leave it at
what a shame ! predators it s extremely difficult for these people to come foward and say thier lives forever changed
cc as a calls on the media to keep focus where it belongs : see our full statement
is this real ? this has got   to be a bad joke right ? under any circumstances this is reprehensible . in today s climate no excuse ! 
my head hit concrete for last time i reacted stuck my fingers in his eyes & screamed after he took his hand off my mouth .
i wanted to punch the guy ! the messed up part was if i had i would have gotten fired and he would have been fine . got   to love our ps
rebecca trai ster wrote an excellent piece on and her own experience . quite long but worth the time ! 
upsetting tara na burke start the movement in  with little support and only noticed when involves celebs 
dear richard thank you for supporting your son . not everyone gets support from their families when they come forward .
except one is fantasy ( trump accusers ) and the other is fact ( bill clinton s assault of monica and countless others ) .
got the daily special ( chicken breast ) and it appears well made however my sandwich artist was this chick an obvious new hire who called me sweetheart  times through the whole process
it  s incredible to me to see just how many people are posting for so often people i date will act like my experience is a burden .
so i just got roasted on facebook by someone after i said i supported the movement . no good deed goes unpunished right ?
my  1 stop  that story was when i was  year  old ( maybe younger ) and a boy my age groped me in a pool . i kicked him in the balls & got away .
i missed this piece from on the power of google  - doc activism  -  - definitely worth a read today : 
i was assaulted by another student my first semester . he got mad when i told him i wanted to go home . 
finally the hashtag highlighted the positive use of social media and how it can shape reality for a better future .
awareness campaign has showed the magnitude of the problem in our society . this needs to change .
harvey weinstein donald trump bill o reilly affirmative ailes roman polanski and more . means millions of woman 
every time i was groped i d tell her after two three days sometimes months & years . shed hug me & ask me to tell her every time .
raped twice .  1 stop  that time gun was held to my head and they threatened to kill me .
(  ) as the boys heard us ( i think only  of us spoke about it ) they quieted down & realized this is real not a story about strangers
dear why does your organization & continue the wall of silence in regards to ashton s  time accused rapist buddy danny masterson ?  seems contrary & hypocritical to your mission .
because a guy told me our age gap (  years ) was too large for him to date me but had no problem taking advantage of me when i was drunk .
via rvp ravi vs prasad  - rt  big data blogs male silence after is teaching algorithms what being a man me 
don 't let anyone tell you a simple hashtag doesn t matter . will be interesting to see the awareness numbers around
i don 't think i know of a single woman in my life who isn t tweeting or thinking and so many of us have too many examples to count
i once spoke back to street harassment saying don 't speak to me like that when i am alone at night it s frightening . (
i  m sure i  ve been the cause of a i  m sorry . no woman should go through that . i promise to be better and i hope other men will too
campaign if powerful celebrity women are so vun re ble to sexual abuse . then instant  message worried for the regular modern woman
since last week i realize i am far from alone in dealing experiences . thank you all of you for your stories .
the beginning of high school brought with it a an emotionally and sexually abusive relationship
go get him girl trump accuser subpoenas campaign for documents on other allegations : report 
well .  it s official . i finally hit the big time !  i must be doing something right .
is meant to show the magnitude of the problem . it  s a way to capture the wide spectrum of harm perpetrated against women ( & even men )
i posted my story on facebook . & it was absolutely terrifying . my story is nothing compared to others  . i can  t imagine how they feel
thank you for being so open and honest love the show !  introspective and intelligent  - building blocks for doing better
because apparently guys think it  s okay to take photos of me at the and when i ask them to stop they say fuck you and do it
rapist in bedroom at  my scream scared him off . he raped others . tough battle we have now with leader bragging of abuse . sucks !
just cause instant  message wearing a swimsuit doesn t mean you get to talk about my ass you shitheads
thanks to all who pitched in today . we started loud and moved to comfort each other w / strength and compassion
i didn  t know i was sexually harassed until i educated myself about these sort of things and allowed myself to remember what my brain had blocked out . it isn  t rare for sexual misconduct to be overlooked invalidated or suppressed . this is why we talk about it .
so many and yes me too . both in japan and us . in japan it s more verbally and socially oppressing because it s harder to speak up and perhaps there s no one around to help you . but in us it s more physical like grabbing and showing . catcalls etc . disgusting !
child abuse targeting within  churches  dv & dis bility abuse . my  living caring family  wonder why i  ve lost all hope ? 
socialist liberal democrats almost destroyed our country . thank you  putting america  1 stop  that & saving our great nation . god bless
shed light on an ugly topic . let  s carry on the conversation & together make the world better for survivors .
my heart breaks for all the tweets . looks like instant  message one of the lucky ones out there .
sexual assault victims around the world are coming forward on social media :
thanks  all guys who empathize w girl because were human beings & don 't have  imagine were  of their females to get it .
in light of the trend happening right now here s a fun pne u monic to remind you how not to rape someone
there  s never enough words or characters to share my experience but i  m stronger today because i survived the pain .
to all the guys that have grabbed my ass or any other part of my body at a bar and then get offended when i get mad  -  -
instant  message not usually this hostile but after reading so many heartbreaking me too tweets and then seeing this shit ? 
such admiration for the courage of so many women who have shared stories of abuse and harassment . believe and respect women .
if you see someone wearing a costume today that doesn t give you permission to catcall sexually harass an assault .
keep sharing your stories survivors ! our collective voices are tearing down the walls of shame & silence that have imprisoned us !
. never be afraid to ask for help  . you can always say no to event  . alone time is scary but can be beautiful
to all my dear dear friends saying today : i see you . i hear you . i  m not surprised . i  m sad and i  m angry .
the fact that me & many other girls feel the need to carry both pepper spray & a taser at all times shows you we have a problem
it s the shame that they put on u that hurts so bad . u aren t what happened to you . it is not your fault . stand up and remove the dust
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named  -
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson :
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson  - 
- social media expert greta van susteren : the me too trend fox news and a boy named sampson  |
today s dialogue is but the question : did you ? will you ? you don 't need a daughter to care about the experiences of  of the world
told a story about a guy that tried to grab me and drag me off the street n a kid goes well u shouldn t have been out so late
i  m not looking for anything but my life back . working on it . the self made man keeps going .
i started telling strangers i was german or english instead of american . people found it less interesting and i felt less vulnerable .
the first time was by a stranger in who thought my private parts were for touching .  2 and time was by a boy who i thought loved me .
wow . this hashtag is incredible . and instant  message crying now because of course i have at least  stories of my own . do we all ?  at least  .
anyone who is suspicious about revelations  years after the fact or says you can t be a victim  years later has no idea how victims compartment alize rationalize and repress abuse . to all of you shut  the fuck up .
whoa .  this hashtag has got to open up the eyes of those still sleep . please understand the problem .
that s one flaw i saw with the campaign the people doing the damage didn t give a shit and ignored it sadly 
while hyped twitter to trend with .  i will see if alyssa milano will help creator with her organization
heartbreaking about is people who were raped as kids sharing that the adults in their life a . didn t believe them b . ignored it .  1 of 2
you ve been asking for it all summer he said .  years later : would i have had the courage to live my life if i hadn t gotten away ?
instant  message so proud of everyone standing up lending their voices to a movement to stop abuse . there are voices missing who can t say
posting doesn t mean instant  message a victim & living in the past . quite the contrary !
hey u cool adv told student there were complaints but he s old so ( posted okay )
i  m not ready to share my stories but reading so many who have i  m inspired by your bravery ! i hope that this will spark change 
so please shut up because actual woman were taken advantage of and the pain they went threw is so unbelievable !
meet the woman behind the movement : activist tara na burke 
also pervert step dad was in the navy . claimed he tried to get help there but they told him forget about it . so idg4
it was a life i thought was normal for years . filled will silence secrecy and fear . it  s always with me . u never truly heal .
i appreciate the apology as a rape survivor my wish is to see women supporting women without judgement 
if you re part of you and you alone can judge what sharing would cost you and choose whether or not to pay that . you do not owe us .
thanks louis . it  s so nice to see a guy stand up and take responsibility . 
prying eyes derogatory comments spank in a dark alleyway ! i don 't know who he was & was told not to talk about it . oh ! my society
my heart still races when i see a certain type of car . there still are places in melbourne i can t go back to .
the hashtag should include tweets from male students who were preyed up on by female teachers ; lots of those out there too . google it .
thank you to the movement because today i finally told my parents about being sexually assaulted when i was  .
you should have activist who started the movement on too . everyday folks are in the trenches long before hollywood
the first time i was way too young but it s probably one of my first memories . has happened more times than i  d like to admit
the movement has me thinking about why we shouldn t stay silent . and why our collective voice matters . read why below 
. reached out to all  female senators reply :   all democrats  came forward to share experiences . 
does not have to be the end of your story . please know can help . let s heal together . rt to show you care . 
i was afraid to trust myself to fight for myself to stand up to a disreputable man who was actually fired from a major agency once
a takes so much courage . so does wouldn  t it be amazing to see social media flood with those in the wake of this .
what is wrong with you people ? donald trump admits to grabbing pussy and you bring up clinton . you disgust me
what cover picture in your post white victim perpetrator ? remove it please ! 
reading these stories with a lump in my throat and tears in my eyes . i believe you . i stand with you . this culture is not okay .
yes ! or some version of that . why take a chance ? asking is this okay is a simple way to check in . 
thanks for starting the movement . glad to see it become mainstream to bring light to the epidemic it is .
stop writing articles that is re traumatizing . people are finally able to get their trauma out and that is a hard process .
taking about guys actual response  - god it s everywhere is there a single woman who hasn t been harassed ? no . that s the point
hey cc  - i told you i would write this piece .  meet | psychology today 
hollywood  s brightest join the   - year  - old movement but will that change anything ? tara na pussy .  via
so many stories breaking this past week following weinstein and check out celebrity chef besh in for example .
first time as a little girl . recently as a grad student academic conference . he  s a tenured professor . this shit has got to stop
the fact that i couldn t bring myself to share on facebook because harassment isn t a big deal is what s wrong here .
please rethink that . women don 't accuse for no reason . put yourself in their shoes do you know some women are republican ? check it out .  not about politics
a great list for guys that want to help after seeing sexual assaul is real ( not my list )
he molested me  times . he was my dads friend . my dad always said he looks at me weird and laughed about it . who could i tell ?
not something i talk about often but thought i should put my hand up for it s import for people to understand the prevalence
but before i shut up the reason i talk & write about what i  have been through  - and the long  - term effects of is because i believe
and he got out of jail early on good behavior then lived around the corner from me for a year . i was terrified to go outside
friday a server touching me after giving me my food . i didn t want to make a scene . high school grabbed & harassed by friends .
 i  m sorry if you think i did something to hurt you   the weak words i got after  years of silence .
regarding we need to encourage all to report but also need to address work plac policies that discourage reporting
in a small town .  these things are covered up .  put behind a wall of excuses .  make you believe it s mayberry
to everyone with a story in their life . i wish you didn t have one and thanks for bringing the size if this problem to light .
sad to see chris brown music at the top of in wake of promoting music of an abusive man = real shitty
of course it went viral !  made the scale of sexual abuse go viral . but is it asking too much of survivors ? 
my boyfriend at the time forced himself on me . i reported him got blamed and punished . he had a successful career .
one of my closest friends in high school . when i asked why he wouldn t take no for an answer he said because instant  message horny .
feminist consciousness raising is the original nda s make every victim believe they re alone so we don 't imagine systemic solution 
i was sexually assaulted in college by a guy i thought was cute . he didn t understand that i only wanted to kiss him .
that s okay i can see how you got that from my tweets but i don 't think is embarrassing . instant  message just tired  .
shared a dark secret after many years of hiding it with someone who claimed to be on my side . she decided she doesn  t believe me .
he told people at school that i had  tried to get him arrested  so i was afraid to speak up . not anymore .
all of these stories .  so heartbreaking but so much empowerment in sharing painful stories in hope for a better future
i know it s widespread largely unspoken and completely terrible . shouldn t be surprised knowing what i know to see all the posts .
we work in the shadows of society in isolated fields and packing houses that are out of sight and out of mind for most people in this country .  a powerful solidarity statement from latinx farmworkers : 
i feel can be even more powerful by adding the date of being raped . ps if you rape someone you deserve a garden hose & barbed wire
i  have had it happen so much it felt normal . that s so profoundly sad and creepy . i think the first time i was  years old .
sadly i join the hashtag as we need all to stand up and be counted as the era of the passive enabler just ain t cool or okay anymore !
millions have come forward on social media to tell their stories of sexual harassment using the hashtag
if u r a or u believe children deserve to be protected please watch r rampant n homework & gov 
oh it is to  brave to hashtag while being complicit in evil for fame and money . the only heroes are those that go to police .
i don 't know if being cat called and having vile things shouted at me in the street ever since i was  counts as a but that s mine .
being told at   my wife doesn  t like it on the top if you ever want me to show you things let me know  he was  something
what can data science tell us about tweets with the hashtag ? find out in an article that i wrote for
this is for my many friends who can t speak up . i love you . i support you . i know there are far worse stories than my own out there
so sound like they are okay w / & on a  1  4 year old child .  how can anyone living in that state support this type of mentality ?  this is reprehensible !
because i  m a feminist woman daughter and mother to a beautiful baby girl not only for that but because i  m against 
getting a long with other people is especially important today so watch how you treat others mood : modern
retweeted justine marie ( denial  of  normal  t tell me :  smile baby .   damn girl .   come here .
go fuck yourselves if you think treating in a comical way is all   right . stop treating stuff that matters as if they were a joke .
gov . jerry brown tossed out a chance to codify title ix protections for ca survivors citing  due process .  let him feel your anger .
taking the stories of my abuse and making my dreams come true w them . they tried  drag me down but instant  message only going up .
out magazine : another movement was started a decade ago by activist tara na burke .
moved by the brave sharing of all in the movement . twitter feels more powerful today
agreed is  one of the bravest voices .  watch their fb live chat today et :
my mother encouraged it & leo s and school off said what happened  me was just the way things are & if my mom was okay w it they were
almost every woman instant  message friends with on fb posted a me too status . this is not okay .
started the campaign ten years ago . what a beautiful gift she has given all of us ! thank you tara na !
concerned that our posts will encourage our culture to continue placing the burden on victim to speak up . there are a variety of other hashtags : or ( do not propose
if all men who  ve sexually harass e wrote we  d get a sense of the magnitude and the source of the problem .
i didn  t pulled away fixed my clothes and got called a tease . we were in an office during work hours !
exhausted after posting countless examples of my on fb and reading everyone s stories . love and power to all of us !
i had skipped school that day and i was too scared i would be the one to get in trouble . he was my friends older brother
want to name a harasser publicly ? presumably the victim who disclosed to you had reason not to . respect their choice . (
my father was arrested for molesting me . rich parents + good lawyers = mild punishment . he got to start over . i still bare the scars .
i can  t shake the constant reminder that i have these  girl  parts because of what he  s done . i  m afraid to try & be a man because of him
has a brilliant way of saying things . more power to campaign and to those who are standing up to these predators
the culture only made it possible in the last few months . it is now  safe  for victims to come forward and reveal the truth .
to every single individual reading & not choosing to tweet and or choosing to share their story . instant  message overwhelmed by the strength
if all those who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted add as a post we might sense the magnitude of the problem  -
exactly : if this week has been traumatic for you it s okay to take care of yourself  1 stop  that . change shouldn t rely on the labor of survivors . 
the true are all the brave humans willing to post to their facebook twitter insta etc to call out
proud of all of the people sharing their stories . and if you aren t ready to share yet take your time .
imagine ! me too joining the take back the workplace march in hollywood today !
qualitative research is highly complex & sensitive . it  s very personal very intimate & makes both interviewee and interviewer vulnerable . recruiting participants also takes sensitivity & empathy . victims are not for entertainment purposes . 
i walk home at night holding a  inch pocket knife in a way that would put someone in the er . why ? because
- any & all who question her blame  - step up earlier ?  - has it happened to you ? if not  - back up think about all girls .
the fact instant  message nervous about backlash as instant  message posting this tweet is the reason why this is of the utmost importance
totally ! i hope it  s opening a lot of people  s eyes to how often this happens sadly . 
i denial  of  normal  t think i know one woman who wouldn  t be able to say it . the magnitude might differ but the fact remains
at  at my  1 stop  that job as grocery clerk male mgrs did not permit female employees to wear slacks ( despite union rules ) . sr mgr would
i tell you the amount of me too s flying around is deeply concerning and i hope it s a huge wake up call for all . by the way
so brave to share . the music business is at times worse than the movi business when it comes to harassment & unethical behavior . 
i ll explain since i can nail this one down . had to talk about w / lawyer yesterday & i got a police report to make today . i freaked .
wondering if will emerge in education ? audrey watters says sexual harassment has been discussed in edtech as far back as  . benjamin her old even wrote a story about it . sign up for and you ll be up to speed
these are the same people defending our history of slavery & those who fought to enshrine it . these are the same people who defend intrusion on women  s liberty . so of course they  ll defend pedophilia . by the way : the holy spirit impregnated mary not joseph .
it happened at a television station in i was told when i asked a female boss if i report it . she said no
got to question the honestly and agenda of all these victims coming forward now .  and then without naming names is even more suspicious .
/ reasons we need to continue the conversation  -  - because that shitty feeling doesn t just disappear after the incident happens .
i will probably never be at a point where i can share my story but just in case anyone needs to know they are not alone .
hi meghna writing a piece about the campaign going global . may i quote from your post on fb ? 
riding to community service day in a van full of female classmates & being chased by a man openly masturbating in his car .
carrie fisher  s  stay afraid but do it anyway  mantra has helped me say but no one owes anyone their story  mental health comes  1 stop  that .
a men  s issue . i show jackson katz  s ted talk in my gender studies class . take a listen 
such a pleasure partaking on the panel today representing discussing gender entrepreneur ship & society  be i lancaster university management school
there should be a special place in hell for officers of the court who prey on young girls for the purpose of molesting them then deny it . there should be no statute of limitations on rape .
rt chuck todd : we reached out to all female u . s . senators asking if any had stories they were comfortable sharing . those stories are 
it would be great if we could get the discussion cranking in govt . and the military but not with the parent  over  shoulder in chief in the wh i guess :
thank you for your courage ! you are an amazing woman . and by the way in another city before pittsburgh my first broadcasting job
if you re tweeting right now then you can join us on our platform to help fight rape culture together
if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote : me too people may begin to see the problem
so true we have seen the power of this with the movement this week . i am learning there is nothing to be ashamed of .
to all people sharing or not sharing with i stand with you in solidarity and in the fight against sexual assault & harassment
we definitely have miles to go but it s true : sunlight is the best disinfectant . keep telling your stories & supporting one another . 
i feel like everyday a new personality we see on television is being found team   kill have committed this seriously needs to stop . 
my cousin  s words fit me : i wasn t going to share  - the idea of posting this made me uncomfortable embarrassed & scared .
hold them accountable . speak up . no matter how small . love to all my sisters today .
in the entertainment industry by bosses by other lawyers by male family members . it s not just limited to hollywood .
my stomach sank when i read this sharing your anger and pain . this kevin spacey and other must be stopped . 
married doctor when i was   - in front of hospital ceo & medical leaders too ! different time but still stupid !
i  ve seen the hashtag and have been hesitant to add to it . mostly because social media isn  t a place for my personal struggle .
i want survivors to remember that a better world is possible and worth fighting for  -  - on 
i am a survivor and a past perpetrator . those things are not separate . i will fight for / support all survivors who need me .
mom worked all the time & drank . she said i should stop provoking him . as an adult i learned he tried to rape my sisters too .  /
thinking about my own experience dealing with a professor who harassed me constantly made me so angry that i deleted the tweets .
right there with you .  actually thinking about coming out now and facing him since the hashtag started . this has brought courage to  years of turmoil
i didn t even feel the need to read the article . instant  message still waiting for to say something about
rt go ettinger eu very good initiative of my colleague ! debate in parliament . follow live :  
amazing session . discussion includes using empathy and solidarity to stomp out shame . similar to the campaign .
a6 : vawa was landmark in prioritizing survivor needs . culture ( esp . / weinstein news ) seems to be changing  better 
irony is i was harassed at hotel & had to depart . predator stayed . pres . of company wants nothing to do with responding .
one working actress fights back ! an important piece by also see ( and sign ! ) the petition here :  pass this on !
such a shame that people have to put up with abusers . these are the people usually that are supposed to love them too ! who needs it ? 
i was  naive and easy prey . it happened more than once at the hands of an older man but i finally summoned the courage to say no !
but i  ve also known many wonderful progressive male mentors colleagues staff professors professionals . this is everyone  s fight .
hi  - as a follow up to how about since the rest of the world can t get their head quite around reasons
it happened at my former job about four months ago . he was a customer and i had just finished my shift . i sat down to have a drink
3 novices : unicef usa voice : violence against children knows no boundaries a troubling unicef report and a
if all the people who have been sexually harass e write me too we might get a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
it took me a while just to have my guy friend be near me or give me hugs without having flashbacks of this incident . speak up .
you might want to peruse the tweets in the joe biden trend right now . handsy joe might not be the guy to run in the middle of the movement . 
for survivors who don 't feel comfortable saying your loved your supported your believed and it wasn t your fault
the feed is gut  - wrenching but i want all of my friends to know that i stand by you . you re not alone . instant  message here always .
starts for many young girls before they finish puberty . it starts with behaviors we excuse from young boys who grow and feel entitled
i denial  of  normal  t think it serves any purpose . it serves to do absolutely nothing . the fact that s . a is a major issue was never hidden .
every day of  8 th grd a classmate made comments about my boobs . teacher said nothing .  years later and i still feel body shamed
. if a woman man or child says no not okay it must only be reserved for the most despicable of crimes right ? wrong ( thread )
every woman i know has at least one story of the time they were sexually harassed or assaulted how s that for a statistic ?
instant  message over feeling scared of everyone and everything . no one believed me about anyone . ever . i was so alone .
i see monica l tweeted but u love bill the rapist . gave him a pass while he sicked on them
i appreciate the person who started the important conversation yesterday on social media 
i had someone ask to touch me in an in appro i ate way at work and reported it and got an apology .
rt we stand with all survivors of sexual violence as we work to end rape culture
the number of times i have been sexually harassed at work or walking down the street is far too many
and the co  - teacher that told me i looked different over the weekend and asked if i d gotten laid or something
olympic gold medal gymnast joins movement and claims she was molested by her doctor 
olympic gold medal gymnast joins movement and claims she was molested by her doctor
i said no multiple times . he decided that didn  t matter . tried to cover up that it even happened to save my own reputation
i didn t see the hashtag yesterday . i can t read the gas meter or put the trash out without being harassed . as for social media
being sexually harassed in the work place and not feeling comfortable enough to report it because it was my boss
i mean but i already told twitter about it and now it s a funny story about how i madly barked at this guy to get him away from me
this is witness intimidation ! go atty bruce black violated oath threatened to put me in prison  years
men my advice is to just leave women alone . no really .  denial  of  normal  t talk to denial  of  normal  t engage just pretend they aren  t there .
read this book ! just do it . seriously . especially ch .  it takes a village to rape a woman because it s true
thank you to all the people who shared their personal stories you are strong . you are brave . you are heard .
to every woman everywhere who has or will speak out about their experiences .  i  m sharing these with you . and to those that keep sending words of encouragement .  thank you !
some of this is interesting but i think there is a real change happening . the problem with and viral outrage 
moore v . media ; hannity v . keurig ; march ; negative partisanship ; new very   funny editor ; colbert s jokes ; week ahead calendar : via 
it goes without saying : but for all the awareness we aren t coming close to grappling w extent of domestic violence & abuse .
try to inflict your hurt on someone else get caught recognize you messed with the wrong person .
me too . if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted posted people might understand the magnitude of the issue .
if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted posted people might understand the magnitude of the issue .
me too . if all who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted posted people might understand the magnitude of the issue .
i believe every woman in the world is a part of some just aren t ready or able to tell their stories .
struggling to find the good today friends . hoping for an onwards and upwards kind of week .
wow i need a moment to get my breath i was on theatre stage in front of audience age  does that count
i shared my story on facebook a couple of days ago . per request i  have made it public for sharing : 
started in  to help survivors deal with the shame because none of it is our fault . tues  ps est . join us
h . weinstein is not the only powerful man to sexually violate & get away with it . look within your own city . they re everywhere .
power to all those who have been harass e but didn  t tweet they denial  of  normal  t want to divulge that info or are scared . (
i had to email some of my profs asking for extensions because doing school work was too hard for me to focus on for months afterwards
you too can impact real change in a world writes in this powerful web log . 
if you post or have been a victim of sexual abuse we hear you support you & want to help .
is a cm paign started by activist before tweeted it . please include name in the narrative
trending via floods twitter thanks to alyssa milano  - cnn  see more 
i fought like hell to get away from him as he was literally trying to rip my clothes off of my body .
) the work to change the world starts here & this tote symbolizes a lot for me . hope backbone & predators do have consequences .
at work when he came up said he just got out of prison asked for $ and reminded me we were the only ones on the street
i am  years old and have just recently sought counseling for things that happened to me decades ago . it can be really hard to say
because when i see guys on campus who look like him my heart drops even though i know he s a state away
a guy kept grabbing my thigh in a movie . when told no he said he  liked them frisky  and got more aggressive . i had to leave early .
this movement has helped me to remember that it  s not our shame to carry . may we all find the healing that we so deserve .
the left s latest distraction campaign . they will continue to use women for votes lies and their cover  - ups ! wake up women !
i was in  7 th grade . very dirty cat calls on the regular every time i walked downtown to my music lesson by construction workers
is not enough . say  i  m sorry   i  ll change  and hold friends sons brothers coworkers and yourselves accountable .
at work the boss preyed on me when i was going through a divorce unsolicited touching inappropriate gestures .  also date rape so yeah
over at the web log today i tried to help business leaders think through 
so only now the great crowd will take a look at clinton because he can no longer be of any use to the party . how many disavowed menendez with  mention of his dalliance in dr
to every woman who s had to scrub work ex she s proud of off a cv for standing up to a vengeful & handsy boss : he can t hold you back !
campaign | olympic champion gymnast says she was drugged molested by team usa doctor  via
my eyes are watering at the things i  ve read by friends today . it  s both heartbreaking and  - warming that people are talking about it
witch hunt ha ? too bad sex predators pedophiles and rapists are real
when an asshole says in front of your whole class that you should wear a swimsuit like elle woods so you can get into law school cont
for every person posting know there are dozens more too ashamed too scared and running from the fact that they too are a victim
or the time a man on a bus groped me & i never saw his face only felt his nails scrabbling on my bra strap through my school uniform .
wow the whole party is throwing under the bus . now it is time for the victims of these asshats to start coming forward to highlight the 
(  ) at  1 stop  that the boys laughed about it and asked by who and how old and you think will they really hear us or use it against us ?
took tape out of machine double bagged it stuffed it in a box in back of closet . wanted to save as evidence if i needed it .
there s so many strong beautiful amazing people tweeting today and my heart goes out to each and every one of you
my ex never took no for an answer and when i  d say no he  d tell me about how terrible of a person i was . then he  d keep going .
san jose harassed by my boss at bofa .  year  old it was so scary . he told me if i left the job i would never work in banking again
i am broken by the number of responses but empowered that such a statement can be made when everyone works together . i believe you
i guess i ll take a break from tweeting about to post a senior picture because it s sunday again .
how to respond to the social media campaign   check out this huffpo article by past  - president m arter .
ass face esp dudes who can t take no for an answer . the blood boils when that shit happens .
hi & this story needs correction . it was tara na burke who started me too  years ago : 
to everyone posting your courage is inspiring and your bravery will not go unnoticed . i believe you and i will march with you .
so sorry : i am female but  & good self defense skills so never a problem . i have been overwhelmed by the numbers of across twitter . 
this used  2 be a reply of a shy girl with d sweetest smile on her face to d guy who said i love you to her . twitter u ruined it man
i am in awe of all the brave women who have been telling their stories while sadly realizing some still denial  of  normal  t feel safe sharing .
also want to say that i see you & your work combatting the school trolls this week . i have been in the space on fb . but respect to u
because having a man drunkenly force himself up on you is never okay . no matter how many times it happens .
one of my dad  s friends hit on me when i was in headshot son . a thanks   again in college offered to trade me an a for a blowjob .
this was heartbreaking to watch ! i believe allegation that roy moore sexually assaulted her when she was  and had she not resisted so much he would have raped her . is representing her . 
the woman who created long before hashtags wants you in tomorrow for our march
sending love to all those sharing their stories today . the world needs to do better for all of our sakes .
day in class . opened talk of the ~  her work was thought fiction .   more reason why we need to
if you  reply a faith leade & u haven  t addressed then what r u doing ? if u ignore a whole gender  s pain it will go away ?
is like ramzan of the hashtag world for many guys tweeting under it . slap a  bitch kick ass she ita an khai d hello but just as long as this trend lasts
at  boss grabbed my butt . i asked what r u doing ? he replied i wanted  know what your a $ $ felt like .
i left thinking i can t kill myself ! i can t leave my children  - my precious girls  - in a world this fucked up without their mama
he then moved my body up and down in the air until he was done . then he asked me if i liked it . a five year old girl .
i support which teaches personal body safety in public schools using age appropriate materials
who have been sexually harassed or assaulted me too status people will get a sense of the problem .
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have .
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have just begun .
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have just begun . 
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have .   via
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have just begun .  
the hashtag has reached nearly half the facebook accounts in america . the consequences have .  
the guy who said he could  ride me for hours .  my boyfriend who worked for him didn  t believe me until another co  - worker said he heard it .
only  day left ! pre  - order my new book + spread word by tagging posts w / thank you so much ! 
a man grabbed my butt even as i was reporting on water logging during monsoons live on national television
there is enough in christ to heal all that happened in the past all that still hurts today and all the ways i lived out of my pain .
one time went to egypt & in the middle of a busy market a guy who s wares i d been pursuing grabbed my hand and put it on his penis
i am a victim of too many sad things . please care for those of us sharing . famous or not violations of our personhood hurts .
me too . if all who ve been sexually harass e wrote as a status people might see the magnitude of the problem !
at my first job in a restaurant when we were closing my boss asked me to sit on his lap . i didn t and got written up the next day .
a  5 th grader i was when an older classmate assaulted me . only family believed me . no child should have to deal with that pain .
three stalkers at work . hour only went after  3 rd one because he left his one of my bosses asked me out . comments about clothes .
the only way to heal is to reveal . let s take it all off . let s turn the page . let s find forgiveness . let s move on . let s evolve
3 novices : hits silicon valley but can it bring change ? already grappling with how to fix it s brother culture w 
ladies take your and report them to law enforcement please . these are hard to read knowing you didn  t do anything .
i am so lucky to have never been assaulted but isn  t it awful enough to follow an   -  girl home on the train nowhere to hide ?
i denial  of  normal  t mind being criticized but please keep it civil . surprised you are using this language in the age of
this thread will make your heart hurt . it also illustrates the strength and resilience of women . these are powerful tales from women who want to scream 
common knowledge that went to high school football games & malls to pick up girls . nice hashtag 
it s why i consciously make a mean bitch face while going home from school walking on sidewalks in broad daylight or even while driving .
that means the allegations are true . please pursue the story . to trump s victims it s time to say and be counted . 
i am from alabama and with the roy moore situation going on i am tired of folks questioning the victims and their motives .
apparently i d a social worker . i never met her but she wrote letters about me . at this stage i was self  - harming ( no surprise ! ) but
there is no way that guy is improving when it took me  years of therapy to be able to tell talk about my experiences .
2  0  0  9 ish . walking down the hallway of slapped on my ass my a white male classmate on the way to class . he laughed .
my boyfriend my close friend and a boy who thought a blunt meant he was entitled to sex with me .
was i asking for it when a man on the street got my attention and exposed himself to me at  years old ? !
i wanted to start here on with where i feel safe . when the news broke i had a lot of emotions . anyone else ?
i see you ( even those afraid to say ) . don 't blame yourself . be strong . thank you for your bravery . it s not your fault . i love you .
what what   ever learned recently from is what what   ever long known  there is compassion strength power in numbers
if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might know the magnitude of the problem . 
i think it means there are many abusers and harassers getting away with it & they are shamed into silence because of
the tough  luck both twitter and fb is filled with if ever the culture of omerta needs breaking it is now .
high school groped by stranger at football game work boss assaulted me
walked into my  4  0 yr old male bosses office he hung up the phone lifty me in his arms & kissed me . i was  .  he was playin though . yeah 
- near as i can tell nearly everybody is a survivor . pledging solidarity to do my part and to educate my sons .
reese witherspoon breaks silence on sex abuse  one twist shows just how sick hollywood s become  all read
i definitely see folks not sharing the article about seiu . why can t we hold our community accountable ?
the stories about ignoring a child who was sexually assaulted shows how powerful the stigma of rape still is . it needs to end .  2 of 2
i hate when there isn t a door close button because i don 't want end up trapped in an elevator alone creepy guy . feels unsafe .
the fact that instant  message afraid to tweet it out is a sign that something is very wrong .
this !  the work reveals something terrible about humanity . it shows how fast a person can hurt you under .
when i decided to post tried to think back to how many times . it was so many that i felt sick . we bury it and normalize it .
strangers friends someone i was dating . in a club on he he street in my own room on the internet .
a year or so ago a friend offered to drive me home from the bar because i knew i couldn t drive myself . when we got to my house .
reply : chinese state media on as western ills . it s worse + in china w / political risks + + + & proper justice system
i want to see them  take a knee  in front of harvey weinstein .  come to think of it they  d probably like that .
i have no words to give no longer care to share my story so i will just leave this right here and
yep  - i didn t realize i was a victim of rape because i knew him well .  and wanted him . but not the way it happened .
i  have been sitting back and reading all the posts . and it s so sad . no need for me to add mine because it s .
from a man boss in the industry . let me go on record . how i write has nothing to do with how i look . how loudly can i say it ?
a day late because i spent the past  hours thinking how embarrassing it  d be to admit here w both friends & much more senior scientists
for my friends that won  t speak because they believe their attack was their own fault rape culture blames the victim
this morning : abc news exclusive : alyssa _ milano joins the show to discuss the movement
women are finally able to speak out . as the are   you has so aptly shown we finally have an uncensored voice . the gop & trump will move to censor once they find how much of a voice we have when in chorus !
had  guys make a comment about my shir to me on sat night . seven . i had to tell one  eyes up   - and he wrote  for my tip
) my form of call out culture  years ago was making a feature film mock doc about sexism in chicago improv .
another evening a female friend had a random man walk up & put his hand down her clothing while she was dancing with  friends . 
let s add crim law prof who handed me in class crime mag with nude woman cover . teach on !
i have a hard time masturbating in front of my judgemental cats let alone another human being what  the  fuck is wrong with you louis c . k
(  )  fellow classmate spoke up about it & i remember the boys saying how that stat wasn  t true because none of the other girls
do you think she should have spoken out as a  year old ? to who ? so i ll say it . my father attempted on me  years ago . sometimes there is no one safe to tell .
leadership style ; find where the crowd is heading and run in front of them . her me too is being a baby professor chased by a man with polio 
and too many people i know . our culture enables this abuse by making the victims feel shame .
flooded with tweets & trends quite scary picture of world we live in . you are defined by who you are not by what other did to you
india  s moment happened last year . just that we choose to bury our head in s and . heard of a man named mahesh murthy ?
just because trump is our prez are we supposed to take his abusive words and actions ? abuser of humanity !
one day i want my granddaughter to ask me what it was like back in the days when people were sexually harassed .
if all the people who  ve been sexually harass e wrote  me too  as a status we might have a sense of the problem  s magnitude .
oh by the way some things we just like to hide somewhere deep inside and wish not to remember ever again
you have a chip on your shoulder . i added to support the not to start  an off topic  discussion it but i guess we are always the bad evils here .
although not specifically referencing & others gives the absolute best take i  have seen on the scam that is rehab for sex addiction . check him & the rest of comedy out .  excellent .
apparently i  have been a all of my life . i found my voice when i told my best friend . however there s no place to tell
i  have felt so raw about this all week but reading work alongside helps . there s power in telling our tales ( now & then ) . 
my co  - worker grabbed my hand and flicked his tongue back and forth while making a comment about hard fruit . 
what a sad commentary on the world floods twitter thanks to alyssa milano  - cnn 
free class five series formats info in a reported crime and addresses survivor need errors
at age  by a chiropractor who grabbed my ass and told me to stand up straight to make my great boobs look even greater .
it s happened to all of us ; too many times to count .  from catcalls to inappropriate groping to .  were strong ! thanks for sharing .
if all the people who have been sexually harass e wrote it as a status we might understand the magnitude of the problem
i ask you to s a something if u ever se inappropriate behavior denial  of  normal  t pretend not  se u could make a positive impact
rt halperin laughing  out loud  what could be worse  than access hollywood tape ?
every incident is horrible but we should promote the positive ways  provide a culture . a great way to do that is to carry
i keep catching myself thinking  i worked  + years in bars of course i  ve been sexually harassed .  while true it  s not okay .
. created a decade ago . give this sister her due credit media !
with this tweet i ll go to bed with a little peace . merci dsir ! you put it so simply yet so clearly . ! 
bill clinton accuser broaddrick slams lewinsky over tweet  - fox news  stick together survivors
because victims are silenced . because victims spend so much of their strength just trying to stay alive they don 't seek justice
until i met my mother dads parents raised me until they died a love that taught me the value of family & life
as a  year  old journo setting up a high profile sydney lawyer for an interview and he starts telling me about his first blow job
seeing all the posts in my twitter and facebook feeds is gut wrenching . all i can think to say is i  m sorry and i believe you .
if all the people who have been sexually harass e posted me too we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
a shitty former colleague slut shamed me when i complained about a lecherous man who was sitting next to me at an event
the facts were laid out very clearly in the wapo article .  verified sources ! months of work went into that piece . re read it for yourself with that in mind ! 
feeling for everyone on the trend and for those too afraid to speak up . sending love and support .
felt like good day to bust this out .  i didn t participate in because i hate the memories . but i really appreciate those who did
he grabbed me by my ponytail in a bar pulled my head back and licked my face . everyone laughed
ironically enough today when is trending i walk out of my office and get hey baby from a stranger
the man over the gad fcs is moving to lead the la foster care system soon .
assaulted . harassed . asked hour for back up as i dealt with this man my consultant . in response epically fired from my executive job
.  one took great pleasure in making fun of my weight . he listened to a song i wrote and laughed and said  you can  t sing ! 
because we are not going to sit down and shut up anymore ! we have found our voice and we stand for what is right so now we are standing up to the 
having the courage to speak out is tough . respect my friend for his leadership and heart .
my story doesn t go on twitter but i have one and if you have one too i  have been thinking about you and sending love all week long .
after that i stopped telling them . i didn t tell them when i thought a male colleague at an internship was making me uncomfortable .
the sheer number of posts on news feed is heartbreaking & horrifying but not surprising
it s been so sad seeing all the posts around the world .  making it raw but hopefully it makes a difference in consciousness . 
thought about reporting him to police but chose instead to tell every female grad student in my department about his behavior .
sadly n to many times to can 't  talk when i worked columbus city attorney  s office . my  1 stop  that memory was in the  6 th good
) stand with you . seismic shifts are happening and they are long overdue . we know it takes courage but if you are ready we will be there to support you .
for all women who have been sexually harassed an assaulted who aren t read want to talk about it i stand with you .
because it is never okay and i was ashamed to report or share my story so i want others to feel the power to do so .
it s amazing how therapeutic it is reading others share experiences some of us can t even put into words & knowing you re not alone .
will be interesting to see . not much different from the cleveland indians mascot . also feeling your messages . very sorry . stay strong .
how about we start talking about those uninvestigated rape kits sitting on shelves in police hqs evidence rooms all across america . cc :
my mother showed zero concern about the older guys coming around me while i was under age because they were all christian .
thought i was lucky and exempt from and then a man tried to follow me into an over while grabbing himself . happy homecoming .
rt alyssa _ milano : please tune in to grandma this morning . i will be discussing 
a guy drove up next to me when i was walking to school in  8 th grade told me i had nice legs and to get in the car
i  have been struggling to write my web log post . it s going to be so fucking long .
it happens to all of us . all women . everywhere . all the time . open your eyes . listen to the women in your life . believe them .
not going   to go into details but once when i was  years old ( he went to jail for that ) & again when i was  . this guy still walks free
amazed at the silence on my feed . colleagues : we must be no more staying silent to boys club power
when i was  a probably  y . o . man in the streets cat called me and bothered me until i told him my age . that was just the start .
why is harvey weinstein the only one named and this only takes place in ny me too should name names too
male mentor came on to me ( wrote about it in my latest post  - link on bio ) . commenter said that s a nothing burger . get over it .
when ex s try  come back into your life years later cause they think they have an entitlement over you & don 't care that it s unwanted
i was a single parent with no help or other income . i couldn  t afford to lose my job . my kids would go hungry and we  d be on the street .
i would like to think our a gress or s will start to back down the more we speak out . i sure as hell am not afraid to say anymore .
india and should listen silent vice of that s never comes due character problem but it s reality in
when you forget to warn your mother before you share your me too story . then she privately shares hers . sad but not surprised
if you  reply making excuses for rapists then you should put your name beside every person named by
the bartender watched & laughed . then told the cops it didn t happen . if it did it was consensual . i guess i imagined fighting him
my mom  s boyfriend driving me to my grandma  s me screaming the entire  mile trip .  5 yr old me was protecting myself
let s teach our daughters how to protect themselves let s teach our sons how to treat women let s help when incidents are reported .
every man should take time to read some stories and testimonies from women they know . we don 't get it like we should lads !
the filet mignon is cooked to perfection ; unfortunately the chef has several harassment claims against him  -  -  - every food critic put a restaurants wage theft and sexual harassment claims history in the review and star rating ?
besides all of the memes i tweet to you today i had the courage to open up about my story on facebook dad are you proud ?
when a nice guy puts his hand on your knee and your husband is  feet away with his back turned .
once trapped on a bus in boston with ~  drunk baseball fans who got in my face to say lewd horrible things about me and my friend 
. alyssa _ milano on campaign : i wanted to take the focus off the predator  1  0  6  6 live
p . s . when i told him our relationship would be strictly professional he called me a bitch & accused me of only wanting his money
he pushed for months guilting me into sending one . his responses & pictures made me feel cold and then he moved on to another girl .
i can t even count his many times this has happened . and they still don 't respect you and back off . they continue to push and harass . 
drugged and raped by a guy on our  2 and date . couple at the next table saw him lace my drink but didn t warn me .
my heart breaks by seeing the on the status of so many friends . i hate the males who have removed the meaning of gentle in gentleman .
the staff to react appropriately & protect me or call the cops . the rv ap and the police said my reaction was completely normal .
important notes especially as continues to trend on social media platforms . self care is critical ! 
i was  years old . camping with my friend . her older brother lifted my shri rt while i slept to expose and touch my breasts .
i felt the pain and disappointment in your words . it  s easy to blame yourself feel alone & helpless but as you see you aren  t
the hashtag was not founded by alyssa milano . it was founded by tara na burke . a black woman .
by  7 th grade daily  minute bus trip down the mountain to my middle school was a series of taunts and jokes that made me
to so many posting  - my heart hurts and i am resolved to teach better i deals to young men .  old men too .
from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps coverag  
the day that men are aware of the severity of the cause it will be the day that we will start winning the battle to sexual harassment . the figures within the eu countries are worryingly high .
so you re not going   to name names ? okay then i have nothing to take you seriously except your claim . so there s that
the posts have continued to appear on fb from a lot of my college friends ( males & females ) and it s alarming how widespread this is .
as a mom of  tiny gymnasts sending : you are so strong to talk about this to help protect others  - thank you for your voice !
in  case you missed  it  - my piece on the precarity & emotional labor of working in the film industry as a woman . 
spoken about this with friends and a therapist ( yay therapy ! ) . been lucky in what i  ve encountered having not been systematically directed at me or held power over me in the workplace .
most victims don 't speak up because the ones that tried to got shut down . look at how many there are . can you hear us now ?
so yeah i can believe meryl had no idea and they avoided carrie because uh abusers to my  6 fuck that shot putting ass out the frame quick
i live with it everyday . my husband too . it s not always easy to see and this tweet is hard for me to post but
a stranger on the street once told me he wanted to make that sweet pussy his fuck buddy and that s just the tip of the iceberg
i never told anyone . i said nothing to my friends that day . i felt too ashamed . but ten years on i suppose it was time to speak .
to all survivors out there male and female know this : you are not alone and god dammit it gets better .
to those who have shared their story using thank you for your courage & strength ! for those who do not feel safe enough to share .
it breaks me heart that this happened . oth will forever be my show and i stand by my girls . no one should have to experience this . 
once a guy comes up to me seems nice then says my * screenshot looked fat in my pants but he d take one for the team .
is a stark reminder . i  have been silent on too many times but i ll work to be better and i hope the rest of my gender will too .
because no matter what no means no ! we talk it through we heal we take control back but we never forget .
one of my dads friends told me i was pretty & touched my hair when i was  . we were at a party at our country club .
for survivors who denial  of  normal  t feel safe sharing their stories because twitter is not a safe space : no pressure . do what  s righ for you .
posting now . i wasn  t going to as i  m that ashamed . figured i  m not only one bulking so joining in to help show true numbers .
special thanks to the female classmates who told me it was my fault for wearing skirts to class . ( skirts ! the shame ! )
1  0 th grade is a best bus back from from basketball  - a man put his hands on my chest and pants
is vital : harvey weinstein bill cosby & bill clinton are sexual predators who must be stopped . let s be sure to uphold integrity .
this is shocking as a child you don 't understand what happens let alone limitations . it s not as black and white as he thinks .
i just want   to forget my memories as  6 year old girl who was bare ing the two devilish hands scratching her entire body . i m one of them
rape culture is toxic & complex . this is not a gender  - isolated issue . sending so many healing vibes to all the survivors out there
. is on right now talking about toxic masculinity and the importance of empowering youth to tackle these issues early .
i fully support but also know first hand that it doesn t matter what your story is . people men especially say sorry but don 't care .
amid former soviet gymnast tatiana guts u accuses fellow olympic gold medalist of rape 
amid former soviet gymnast tatiana guts u accuses fellow olympic gold medalist of rape
my heart aches for everyone posting or tweeting messages . painful reminder that we must do better .
someone who said disgusting things to me in college tried to be a supporter for those saying i finally said my peace .
so what ll happen to kevin spacey ? i wonder so disgusting listening to those things he said to those victims .
when at the age of  i had an adult touch my . tried to tell my mom and got slapped for lying
i  have been reading through the stories with the hashtags god s i am so sorry ladies . i had no idea it was this bad .
oh honey .  he is your rightfully elected president . making rules u have to love by every single day .
the sheer number of that keep coming across my timeline is overwhelming & breaks my heart on so many levels .
my new boyfriend has started to help heal the damages but i still feel self  - conscious and a little guilty .
it isn t the looking these guys r in trouble  .  but the denial  2 hear the person saying no as they continue 2 s . a . etc . thm . 
i  m happy to say that we have clear guidance in my company . leaders all the way from the top take this seriously in 
he s really a nice guy he s a bit drunk he s not usually like that he s just being friendly stop being a bitch 
most of my facebook feed is posts & there are people who aren t ready to open up about their experience ( s ) yet & it s heartbreaking .
to my surprise i wasn t able to share details in the thread . i participated but felt self  - muzzled for some reason
i was fortunate enough to have a female teacher witness it and call out the guy during chemistry class at my catholic high school .
spencerport ny . drivers ed teacher . now realize he was grooming me . last day of road class . put his tongue down my throat .  1 of 2
i hope this hashtag creates a safe forum that sheds light and raises voices when these horrible acts happen so that eventually they will stop .
i was blackout drunk and my friend basically locked me in a room with a random guy i met that night . i have no clue what happened 
i was  . trusted family doctor . i was  . italian man in a suit on a night train . i didn  t report either felt powerless .
cleveland rape crisis center gets flood of calls as goes viral
this world will never change when shakers are shielded from real consequences . at work at home at school at church .
males are always telling us to touch or suck their dicks even as children . sound familiar ? i was a very shy little girl .
a trucker loitering outside the station stopped me i had gotten back in my car after getting a gatorade at my open window
threats 2arrestteen4 marijuana nypd rape teen in handcuffs says consensual ? queen rose mcgowan dealing charges though 
because god forbid we do the unthinkable like walk down the street alone or get a job in the service ( or any ) industry .
i dumped a guy so his friend blasted me on twitter saying he knew  guys that had hit and quit me . i was a virgin . 
proud ass face of all these people sharing to give each other strength with the trend
to this day i have family members who would prefer i stay silent . for the sake of my daughter & all females i will not . 
a guy in my fb news feed is complaining because all the are ruining his day and not bringing about any positive impact
imagine being raped then told to keep quiet or it would damage your career in politics . why would you want to stay in politics ?
/ epidemic in military police priests politics universities offices classrooms boardrooms f hollywood don 't c are chicago ny to la .
he is scary !  my god he is so angry !  horrible abusive man !  this gives me ptsd !
from pinches on the butt on the streets to being made to drink a lot only to wake up at his room the next day .  it just never ends !
mounir z ok from has repeatedly boasted at events he takes credit for all medals because he works so closely with athletes . then someone should ask the thie to explain this  via
new cover story : how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement newsweek slammed for cover photo of phallic balloon 
- went to a girls sorority event & she spent the night pursuing me we got home she undressed me touched me after i said no
this is a longer post hence on fb  - but sad this transpired at school . for girls violated when we were kids .
talked to my mother about all the stories i  ve seen today . then i heard my mother  s story . this is hurting my heart to hear .
got cat called in a bar as i walked to the bathroom and i was too scared to stand up for myself . this isn  t okay .
. i promote gender equality in my school by choice to special needs students . inequality looms large there too .
told my youngest brother in a letter in  that the older  had abused me . he never i've made my  point it . now he trolls me & calls me a liar
high spirits storey is not new it s been going on for years link is student economy + easy money lure for boys n girls both
an old man just asked another stranger and me if we wanted to have a   - some because we both were looking at mnage  trois wine . just getting my daily dose of
didn t start yesterday . watch this  video from the march against rape culture 
he touched me & kissed me when i didn  t consent but it was  my fault for getting myself into that situation  ( it  s hard to post this ) 
if there  s anything positive from the weinstein scandal it  s that awareness & more are coming forward without fear . okay to say
a former dallas cowboy player and he still works for a nfl team happen so long ago but i remember like it was yesterday .
pr news : a brief run down of the industries and most high  - profile cases spotlighted by so far :  
brought over  million voices together in a call to action to end rape culture & invite healing . thank   you &
. speaks truth to power in jazz & beyond : operator  - ed : saxophonist sarah manning on & sexism in jazz 
tara na burke with the help of black twitter staged her own intervention as spread with surprising success . 
w  instances at work ; scariest was site manager at project drinks event . saw my panic & was gleeful . his colleagues pulled him off .
i thought little girls always believed everything an all knew meaning this week .
first career job the ceo says i thought my secretary pointed you out as my date but i hear what   ever employed you ! it got worse .
i am his  4 th victim at this place & the only one who called the cops . they can t find their voices & i completely understand why .
this unbelievable logic is happening in the same moment as conversations like so yeah we  ve got work to do . read this thread . 
it  s about the prevalence of sexual assault and harassment in america . women know this hence but the narrative hasn  t caught up yet
it  s about the prevalence of sexual assault and harassment in america . women know this hence but the narrative hasn  t caught up yet 
my heart goes out to every single you are put up on the earth . within you lies the strength to endure victoriously !
me too . if all who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted tweet  me too  we can give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if  of my timeline is tweeting or posting what pray tell is the stat for the abusers in that case ? law of averages eli .
seriously though harrassment is not okay this has happened to me so many times & it makes me uncomfortable to walk down the street 
must read thread reasons why .  brave new hashtag .  this is how we begin to change things .  this is how we start .  
remember how travon martin wanted to be a pilot ? well dagnabbit and i think my best  friend  forever at is going on seven years past
a female should be able to walk around naked & not fear for her safety  - mental & physical  - but 
talk about relevant : here s the trailer for the light of the moon now playing in new  york  city & opening  in la .
a little rant of mine on the rape case . here is the victim  s letter it breaks my heart . 
i denial  of  normal  t want to type it but my desire to give strength to others that have felt terribly alone is greater
outside in the dark when i was  . pretty sure other friends were raped by the same guy but none of us reported it
if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might get a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
read a lot of stuff . one said   - tolerance for anyone accused . i was abused . so not un symp . but that s not very due process .
unfortunately i thought it was my fault it wasn t . stand up for yourself and others speak up ask for help . don 't ever be ashamed .
when i was  thankfully i had a strong family i could talk to . together w / the justice system we sent his ass to jail .
this music business is cray ! i could have been your favorite television talk show host rapper a & r & head of marketing at a mag .  but i said no !
let s hear all of those voices . together we must change the status quo . this is not the world i want my daughter living in .
reposting my article on as continues to trend . got backlash for this . glad issue is exposed 
i don 't discuss it because  ) instant  message intensely private and  ) still struggle blame . i have ptsd . in awe of the instant  message reading .
i thought i was going insane when i recalled memories of it because everyone who witnessed it kept saying forget about it & move on
hillary clinton is no champion of many women were raped by bill & she made excuses & blamed the women ! she  s keeping $ 
4  9 er stars ex claims no one protected her from violent athlete and she even got threats
love to all the individuals sharing their stories today . this is powerful and each and every one of you are brave beyond words .
to the boy who broke into my parents house & got in bed with me while i was sleeping because i flirted at a party .  i can t .
asking you to pull your ads from the sean hannity show . . the last straw has to be when he defended roy moore s relationship with a  year old girl because it was consensual . enough is enough !
i remember being on the  train going up to bronx science early in tge morning . i look up from my book & some short baldy is jerking off across the aisle . i was  .
note to kevin spacey : way to invoke a bullshit stereotype of homosexuals to explain your horrendously criminal behavior . a $ $ !
hat tip to the local television news director who started talking about my boobs during an interview when i was
when my rapist died friends extolled what a nice guy he was how tragic his death was . i wasn t happy i felt nothing .
molested repeatedly by mostly older girls at day car touched me as adult now is me > .
springboard questions for other discussions in policy custom law and human development . pre and post event risk prevention may have faces you don 't look for . 
springboard questions discussions in policy custom law and human development . pre and post event risk prevention may have faces you don 't look for . 
agreed ! if accomplishes nothing else let it shine light on the dark places dominated by males unwilling to include their sisters . 
at  tailed the guy taking photos under dressing room dividers halfway across the mall to security who lee red as dude walked away .
when i was walking with my mother in the street . i was a kid with my mom and someone grab my back .
in high school i was followed around walmart by a  3  0 year old man . made me feel like i wasn t even safe in public with witnesses .
lovely how u rake in $ as a paid surrogate  treason on the goebbels network . even a moment from a past victim wouldn t disrupt the fox gravy train as u defend & promote the redistribution of wealth from wage earners to oligarchs .
when you have to carry around an empty beer bottle at a bar as defense because a drunk guy twice your size won t leave you alone
it s was a holiday party . he was a coworker . i was drunk & ready to go home . i woke up to him leaving my room and blood on my sheets .
crucial for men to speak up against rape culture & violence . their silence during campaign is deafening . 
- see courage co : your friends loved ones & those you follow : twitter : facebook :
age  : raped by my boyfriend . i have no clear memories of the assaults because i tried to block it all out .
sexually harassed in college at the workplace on my daily commute .  can t really count all the times .
seriously . any dudes have nightmares last night cause i did . [ made the internet a very hard place to be 
i hope all the cisgender males lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. women and men and others acknowledge their sexual harassment is a democratic violation
seeing the boy who kissed me without my consent this summer liking posts on facebook makes me sick .
if god forbid you are raped in the us please go to the hospital to get free support . learn more : 
personal anecdote : i  ve been harassed and assaulted before and after coming out . if i wasn  t out i  d probably be silent right now .
that i wasn t interested . he proceeded to call me every name in the book including slut and whore because i wouldn t give him my number
i was in a record store once and narrowly missed a guy trying to pinch my ass because i was monitoring him out of fear . he laughed at me
this moment :  what would happen if one woman told the truth about her life ? the world would split open .   muriel r u keyser
good piece on the impact of on local businesses . i hope you keep this conversation going .
the culture of violence is family court stealing money resources and children from father s
for anyone that  s ever been in an emotionally or physically abusive relationship never forget your worth . you deserve love .
i  have kept it to myself for fear of hearing someone say oh that s nothing or you put yourself in that situation but now i say
i don 't feel comfortable posting on facebook because i fear the visceral reactions it will be met with by family member etc
late to the game i was working my first year at my job and this guy and his girlfriend come in and order something . as i  m serving him he makes lewd gestures with his hands at me . i called over a mgr but they didn  t do anything .
there has to be some irony in the fact i got cat called while walking into work today right
i have read a lot of stories about individuals who have been sexually assaulted and just want to say i am sorry that happened to you
huge difference between words and violenc seen so many things that say stuff like he said i looked good .
i suffer from agoraphobia ptsd and lost a marriage . there was no civil trial . life is difficult . i no longer drink because suicide .
given the nickname hot lips by my band director when i was in the sixth grade as a way to tease me because a fellow student liked me
in the wake of we  reply asking join us for a community conversation and panel tomorrow 
sick & disgusted every day he is allowed to continue his abusive reality show 
despite everything at some point she learned to survive by selling her body to creeps like trump . this one is for melania 
dear & removing reported harassing tweets from my  timeline but letting them stay up doesn t help anyone . signed
i  ve wanted to be held accountable for his serial perverse threatening abusive ways . i was a victim at age  .
we denial  of  normal  t do ourselves or other survivors any favors by pretending we  ve always been  good people .  i  ve been a piece of shit before .
watch  tomorrow at healing space week without violence art exhib talking & ending
. related to current affairs ( weinstein + lgbtq i p issues topics that i probably am not aware of path breaking works
while at college boyfriend from home came to visit to talk . drove to secluded are a and raped me . never spoke laughed as i struggled .
i had a similar experience on a train in paris . deeply disturbing and  years later i remember the incident clearly . 
pr news : week  of reputations of comedian louis c . k . and alabama republican senate nominee roy moore in fr  
on the train ( in the middle of the working day ! ) out for a run at work ( not in this job ) on a night out .
there is power in numbers read our latest article about the harvey weinstein allegations :
us allies keeping quiet reply troops posted at least  places that they won  t reveal to  . too deadly and risky .
an activist a little girl and the heartbreaking origin of thank you tara na burke
former york police officer pleaded guilty to child sex offences gets just two years in prison   
social media hashtags + video on our phones : powerful tools to unify and call out into the light the liars in power .
and mine . unfortunately a situation caused me to lose that job not long after . and i had business cards
me too . i wasn t going to say so because it wasn t that bad .  just groping catcalling being followed .  everyday bullshit .  yeah .
the conversation is going but what needs to happen next ? comment your thoughts . how can we bring about change ?
with campaign twitter says it s proud to support the voices of those who speak truth to power .
is changing things ? shields says yes re calling when anita hill was shamed by male senators for her testimony on clarence thomas .
being cat called verbally assualt e touched without permission followed down the street etc is not okay no matter who you are .
comments on your brave article  - brutal . they live in a clueless world . maybe all the statements will help them get it but problem not .
harrassed followed threatened and my favorite spat  on . let s move forward by fostering a community of respect .
most recently : in rock creek park on a run a kid biked by grabbed my ass . his friend says i didn t do anything they ride off
i was the same age . i have never told my family . sad that the victims feel the shame that belongs to the perpetrators .
some days i wish it never happened . that i never went to that party . that i never trusted him . i am stronger now & it won t define me
if you ve been assaulted my heart goes to you whether you posted or not . if you re just trying to score political points go away .
no  . deep start to the day with all the tweets . sitting on my tweet for a bit . condensing it is difficult . no devaluing it .
rules :  ) don 't force it . just let it happen .  ) at some point tonight you must leave . know means know . 
hey girl good guys care for real . here s one of them now ! standing with the movement 
- giving moments of life over to book characters allowing them to shout your anger to the rooftops .
really unfortunate we have to have this hashtag . but equally important for america to look itself in the face & have a reality check !
donated to this cause which is near and dear to my heart ! a great action to take in light of the hashtag . 
i  ve had my butt grazed by boob grabbed cat calls  friends  grope me while drunk at clubs been asked for  a taste of my pussy 
by age  when i filled a  3  6 d cup . the first was my boys  older brother cornering me in a small room . he was far from the last .
graduation day from jr . high school . no . way . was i able to give consent and more disturbingly ; consent to a  year old man .
that college professor never saw my snap coming after i flipped his desk over !  never again will i be silent . i denial  of  normal  t give a f**k  !
this book is a call  - to  - action ! epidemic : america s trade in child rape by lori hand rah an  via
go to tough  luck former member  - their manager al ten treated them like prostitutes ! 
churches  - wondering why your teen ministry ain t thriving ? the girls are telling us they aren t comfortable around your group leader
3 novices : elizabeth perkins names james woods at march elizabeth perkins called out james woods on sunday wh 
i was in  5 th grade . he pinched my butt and walked away turned back smirked and winked and kept walking .
me too . though i feel we are talking to ourselves on this one . the ones who need to hear it denial  of  normal  t want to .
- by bosses board members contractors & strangers . all to varying degrees : some physical some horrible words . it s not okay
to anyone who thought she s lying / wants attention you re the reason the other hundreds of thousands didn t post
it made me uncomfortable in my own skin . w / my own body . it created a wave of negative self  - esteem issues i still struggle w / today .
i was a young intern . a member of a board suggested at a public meeting taking their reporter outside for some fun
disgusting abusive obscene behavior ladies speak up together strength in numbers no more predators ever again
me too please help sexually exploited children . this phrase should help countless children who experience abuse around the world
the power of words . strength that has been shown in the last few days . it s starting conversations ! we don 't have to be quite anymore !
i still feel intense shame and paralyzing fear . but if i can help even one person .  man or woman victim or assailant .
.  and i  have been check in for louis c . k . oh well . dude needs help . fuck . him . too . damn .
i was  when i was first grabbed on street . when i worked in retail i used to get hit on by dads trying to show  - off to their sons .
but i am sad for my younger self who ultimately quit my r a position to stay safe . so many double binds .
me too . year  old tambin . if all who ve been sexually harass e posted we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
words & terms must come together across disciplines in  red state cps  2 head la foster care
someone please nominate tara na burke for the macarthur fellowship genius grants . she created  - years ago and the work is more than # 
when i was  an  year old boy at church asked for my phone number . my mom stepped in and gave him the pen .
for those of you posting what do you feel is the next step to bring about change ? please share your ideas .  let s work together .
has been a big topic in the last few days and the ladies of mom juice share their experiences . listen :
simply because  we  reply used  to the obscene comments unwanted advances and disgusting texts does not mean it  s okay #
when you ve been told so many times that you re making a big deal out of nothing that you no longer trust yourself
so your heroes are been outed one by one and you are asking that we give them the benefit of the doubt ! who gives us that luxury . you re shaking because if a mighty ceo can he exposed what more i we .
monica lewinsky tweets  - fox news  - she was a young impressionable intern preyed up on by bill clinton . 
alyssa _ milano . alyssa _ milano says tara na burke and the movement enabled us to put the focus back on the v  
/ we went to the movies and throughout he was very aggressively trying to touch and kiss me . at one point he grabbed my face and
we scream we fight with actual cause but what about actresses dating married producers and directors or any boss to further their .
instant  message sharing this twitter moment because i too felt the way leena did . i almost didn t post because i haven 
( can t wait for those who have harass e someone to start posting so we can hold them accountable for their actions
after the reports on harvey weinstein went viral . what is twitter doing about it ? listen :
years of being groped in the hallways of my high school by an older student . he would laugh when i tried to defend myself .
when you start to cry at a bar because you saw them but have to play it off like you  reply just crazy and emotional
where did the initiative really come from ? activist tara na burke long before hashtags .
if all pple who have been sexually harass e wrote me too as a status v might give othrs a sense of magnitude of d problem
i am a survivor & i want male victims to speak up & if a woman assaulted someone ( me ) say that too .
it s taken me over a year to realize i deserve better . i pray for a husband who is patient with my needs and feelings .
i was in a room of salesmen . he ran his hand up my thigh under skirt . sales guys saw nothing . my report rejected by hour .
if it took until now to realize how big a problem this is since your friends are writing on facebook you ve been blind for too long .
accusations are just that . i don 't know this guy but i do know the money grubber s are out in full force with nonsense i always am suspicious of corporate accusers they often have agenda
i caught a girl last night at blatantly stealing my tide pods at our function and ran away yelling i  m a broke college student
want to raise courageous daughters ? start by reading these  little words : via
want to raise courageous daughters ? start by reading these  little words : sally hogshead
want to raise courageous daughters ? start by reading these  little words :
want to raise courageous daughters ? start by reading these  little words :  via
inc : want to raise courageous daughters ? start by reading these  little words : sally hogshead
society s child : elizabeth perkins holds sign with name at march 
i didn t tweet because i was scared it was attention  - seeking or that my assaults weren t bad enough which feels like part of the problem
it  s so upsetting to see how many there are . you ladies are denial  of  normal  t let someone take you away from you . right
oh my  god . come on you can do better than this . they will lie to make money and pot meet kettle . few & far between ? fuck you .
all these ugly hoes posting that crap . laughing  out loud keep dreaming no chance in hell
ex came to a party and waited until i got drunk and passed out in my room . later he said all i said was no . i don 't remember .
me too . if all of the people who have been sexually assaulted or harassed wrote me too we might see the problem better .
on an ex  - cop who taught me  - and other girls across sydney schools  - basic self defence but was empowering . what was his name ?
then please explain the amount of in twitter and fb . trust me we aren t making this shit up .
reading posts and wondering what to do ? maybe focus on high school health class . 
louis ck should advertise one final huge show before he retires from comedy . charge ridiculous prices for seats in a massive stadium . then walk on stage pull out his penis and masturbate for an hour .
and it  s hard to think about it let alone talk about it . i  m not sure i  m even okay after all the years but i have a daughter to raise
if the gave you courage to open up about your experiences i  m proud of you . you  reply incredibly brave .
cover of night & a place called home . alcohol delirium on the bathroom floor . youth naivety & a quiet room . none an invitation .
okay stop . first i was waiting for to hit academia in fact it had in many ways earlier but to claim that .
i just thought kind   of came out of nowhere . i mean everyone know what s going on but but the hashtag me too came right outta nowhere .
me too . horrible things that no one should endure . sending to you and all writing the ones who are afraid to write it .
god it is just so frustrating and disgusting . and to all who ask it is not  something i  m doing  because it  s happened multiple times
i once quit a job because i didn t trust a managers inappropriate comments not to escalate to something far worse
posted item on fb last night then had nightmare about one assaulter & woke up with hives all over my face . it takes a lot to do this .
glad  b part of generation up the frigging creek wivout a paddle ? frigging hell . at least their twts delays their self  - harming ! laughing  out loud
a bit late to the party but several times . and reduced to an object over and over . my fb feed is full of this . it s real . wake up .
weeds star elizabeth perkins was seen carrying a sign that read james woods
because it happened to me on a job interview when i was  groping grabbing sexual assault ! called his boss no job for me
to everyone sharing their posts : i believe you it s not your fault you are loved you are strong i stand with you
it was my first date in jr high . i just wanted to go roller skating & be friends . he was a big football player . way too strong for me .
i  m glad you spoke up now there is something about releasing it that helps . for me i was fuck   me age  to  them molested & raped
i worked very hard to not let that moment define everything about me . but i still struggle with / self  - blame .
it s so sad our lives are ruled by fear . i d walk to the store not scanning for danger . sit in the park listening for night birds 
submitted my own essay this week . came in at  pages   words on seven incidents . sadly i could write a book on it .
decades ago another proj mgr . couldn t risk job to report . my husband trained me how to protect myself . years later jerk sued fired .
how sad it is that and belong in the same tweet for me ? worse is that i still believe it was part of breaking into job industry .  and still is for many others .
after saying to a friend i recalled piece about a not  - believed rape victim  -  - read it & believe : 
so gad fcs leader headed to run the los angeles county foster care system on heels of 
elizabeth perkins names james woods at march  - fox news 
fox news : elizabeth perkins names james woods at march
i was afraid to post this . but the person i harassed was probably afraid while i was harassing them . time to take responsibility .
i  m pretty sad today as i  ve seen a lot of my friends posting this has to change
i was assaulted in college but i never told because i knew from being bullied in high school that nothing would be done .
aly raisman beverly nelson anthony rapp mckayla maroney all personify true bravery . it s never too late to reveal the truth .
on my  1 stop  that night of college an older male student cornered me at a party . thankfully my roommate intervened before things escalated .
& others who heard the call : please denial  of  normal  t erase the black woman who started our labor is so often erased
it happens on both sides . hopefully someday the stigma and shame will be lifted and those who are guilty are forever held accountable for what they have done .
massive respect dear sean so sorry this happened to you . you are brave amazing good heart and tremendous spirit .
grabbed on the street . broad daylight . hand up dress . i froze . then screamed . came to my rescue . police said i was lucky 
victims are coming forward to tell their stories . if you need someone to talk to .
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally in hollywood :
i came back for the  2 and semester & he walked into my room . i felt so scared & didn t understand why until the memories resurfaced .
i left him when he hit & choked me while i was holding our baby . i couldn t bring my girl up in an abusive home
watch at  6 p . showed you the former teacher accused of sex harassment . tonight yet another former student says 
stalked by a creep . lucky to escape from a scary hitchhike . you shake it off but realize you wouldn t have won a physical fight .
so about a week or two ago these guys at my college wouldn  t leave me alone until i gave them my number .
does count if decades ago you worked w state legislators and it was arms around shoulders and nice words about u ? thinking yes .
with so much i don 't understand women getting naked debt   - c  - ass  - t  - e  - n  - t  - he  - s  - ( e  - ) a  - me  - n  - d  - s  - c  - r  - e d  - . you need to figure out what your image means t   d e and not what it means t  -   - yeah  - e d  - s  -
advocacy groups saw spike in calls after went viral . groups hope it help and show how bad it is 
to all those who have survived  - it was not your fault . hold your head up high and let your beautiful voices be heard .
things like this is why girl power exists so that we can stand  2 get her  each other ! i  went through it . u feel alone but not now
i had to report a coworker for sending me suggestive emails about wanting to leave his wife for me . treated like a criminal .
elizabeth perkins holds sign with james woods  name at march
screenshotted this from a snapchat story . if you denial  of  normal  t think this is an issue you  reply part of the problem .
do you know anyone who was sexually assaulted or harassed and were brave enough to share their story using the hashtag ?
i  have been cat called from car windows and followed from events . i count myself lucky that my moments are so tame . that s messed up .
this year i was groped in public by the head of our legal team . i was pushed into corners in a dark hallway & had to push him off
there was : the cook that off duty cop a parisian on a train some dude at a party a drunk at a bar etc . yeah .
i changed my walking route home so that i would avoid cat  - callers . it took months until i found a comfortable route .
elizabeth perkins holds sign naming james woods at l . a . march 
elizabeth perkins holds sign naming james woods at l . a . march  via
actions have consequences . louis c . k . movie release halted following misconduct allegations via
. be aware our physiological responses may be different . evil gr in we often stop dilating at  4 content  management  system for longer than others
really alarmed and saddened to see the magnitude of the problem . thanks to friends who  ve found the courage to speak out .
still not sure each time i thought problem normal but instant  message sure if that behavior wasn t normalized i would have known each time .
because we have the power to end rape culture . to all survivors  - i support you and am always here if you need someone to listen .
or were to busy fucking the dude who did everything short of calling me venus hot ten tot to pay attention ? ms
new boss corners me in hotel bar on business trip .  hits on me .  i politely decline .   weeks later my role is  eliminated 
posted or thought join us tomorrow night for self  - care & community .
is a dog whistling drunk & washed  - up oval  - office  - reject a gun hump loser goes 2 so elects a baby  - raping stalker & sick puppy
week  of reputations of comedian louis c . k . and alabama republican senate nominee roy moore in free fall .
james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally  daily beast
elizabeth perkins with sign naming actor james woods at march via
it only stopped when i met my husband & was able to leave it all . i now suffer from de personalization disorder of the trauma (  )
i lost everything . he told me to kill myself no one cares . his boss ignored it . my lawyer ignored it . when do i get justice ?
can we never stop posting this hashtag ? nothing is going to change unless we keep talking about it . it  s important .
from the women s march to to there have been a lot of hopeful signs of change this year  -  -  -  - which makes a brief encounter on my dog walk more saddening . as i headed for home two white men jogged toward me and my dog jameson .
- a couple of my students when i was a teacher  - multiple guys in nightclubs on the street in the metro on bus plane & train
such an amazing opportunity for students ! tara na burke talks  tonight at  
people like him shame and try to discredit women for political gain that  s how disgraceful these people are this woman is courageous and has people cooperating her claims only cowards defend
there s no better than the sheer bravery of the women and men using to speak about sexual assault . inspiring .
on  i will be participating in a panel discussion about sexual harassment at beyond and changing workplace culture moderated by see  for details .
as sad as it has been to see friends across all social media platforms post i will never feel alone
superb column by on supporting while also growing concerned about shift [ ing ] the burden of proof from the accuser to the accused . 
ass hole have just found out the piece i wrote for on went out yesterday  - i missed it ! anyone have a hard copy of yesterday s issue ? it s on p .  .
tidal wave is just beginning men are going to be called out on their abuse of women . we are not going to stand for it any longer .
not sure i understand the reason to withhold . n da seem to be passe these days with the country needs to be free of trump .
bill clinton raped multiple women while yet the left supported & still supports his enabler .  hillary clinton !
it is high time that we have a conversation about harassment whether it s men or women whether it s sexual verbal mental physical
spent my weekend preparing to move due to repeated threats from gun control advocates .
always been a huge fan of for helping others & being so down to earth . now by allowing herself to be vulnerable she is helping people even more . brave courageous and inspirational . shame on
yep from  to now . men catcalling grabbing me following me . men who are doctors contractors coworkers and fellow students .
and that disgusting pig jakes woods is named at a rally by elizabeth perkins ( my new hero ! )
don 't be complicit in protecting men you know that have abused you or someone else if you have been abused self care is important
actress elizabeth perkins names james woods on protest sign
is as a woman i wish i d screamed every single time i wish i had given zero fucks about the man in question and just let him have it
when you re young sometimes yeah just took the shit as part of life . beware don 't take no shit today
has anyone thought the or hashtags may make women or young girls molested at a young age think what about me ? many exist
taxi driver lock doors & force himself on me being stalked aged  having a stranger follow me home & try to force way in
they just keep coming but please keep women and not making men accountable because that  s obviously turning out well 
my older si sister and i have the same mom and different dads . were half  - sisters . my older sister & cousin was raped by my father .
if you can t help someone don 't hurt them . no one deserves to be treated below you . don 't touch hit hurt abuse molest or attack !
quit a job in high school after being sexually propositioned by elderly men and my boys  response was it s part of the job .
is still trending and many women i know and respect speak out . i  m still conflicted not wanting to take part yet feeling my part .
my facebook feed is inundated with posts . instant  message curious what facebook looks like this week  - is there the same story  - sharing ?
there  s a reason why i continue to do the work i do .  ending violence against women / girls is a men  s issue not a women  s issue .
how is this an appropriate exercise in class ? !  in a class taught by two male professors in front of a primarily female class of graduate students ? !  this is what everyday looks like .
it is frightening how hard it is to write the words . after years of feeling ashamed instant  message shocked at all of the emotions i am feeling .
sexual misconduct needs to be exposed and treated as a crime .  there shouldn t be any type of s a tute of limitations regarding any type of sexual misconduct accusations .
there in lies the problem some people just don 't get how horrifying an ordeal sexual harassment abuse & intimidation is
let s talk about the numerous companies that hide sexual assault by their employees & scare women into keeping quiet .
and this is also what you are teaching your children . we denial  of  normal  t need the next generation of daughters and  boys being boys  men .
i am well aware that some people are sexually assaulted . i am also keenly aware that some people lie about being sexually assaulted . it s  . all that bullshit . everyone thinks it s fine to lie all of a sudden .
] the climate has changed as women everywhere w / have risen up to protest male violence & sexual assault so maybe this time will > differnt results .
according to women i have a nice butt . according to gay men i have nice legs . i mean since the standard for sexual harassment is a compliment after all . shaking  my  head .
nothing but transparent virtue  - signaling and clinton  - purging in an age of the me too wave . the brazile story is the other front in clinton  - purging . anybody who doesn t understand that s what this is all about isn t paying attention .
movement marches on hollywood against sexual assault and harassment predatory behaviour s .  via
. campaign proves black women have been discussing sexual assault for a long time :
without warning a top executive from my company threw me down on the couch and jumped on top of me after a long day of work . i escaped but agonized for days if reporting it would destroy my career .
victims need to come forward when the time is right for them . as a survivor the process of acknowledging what happen accepting it & realizing you did nothing to provoke it .  there s no formula or time table . in the victims own time .
where you   all at ? instant  message a survivor military brat been around the military my whole life . please step up & tell us you re against pedophilia by pulling your ads . sfc ret russell & misty burke 
today alone a friend has told me about a sexual harassment situation she was in at work today . we have to do better .
and  another : ~  4 th grade just outside school gate end of day car tried  2 coax me into car i ran to office & told
it feels like luck but it shouldn t feel like that . each woman deserves to say when asked if she feels safe respected empowered  /
i was molested by my step dad  s closest friend someone i trusted . that broken trust has made it hard to trust .
ladies next time you re groped in safe public are a confront your assaulter . i screamed at a guy who groped me in last week .
what  the deuce after u post your story or post in support of join to heal survivors & end sexual violence . hat tip to .
if women weren t ( sadly ) queens of compartment al ization when it comes to sexual assault & harassment  - we d never leave the house .
ever notice how the multiple survivors of one sexual predator all have simil a stories even when they  ve never met yet the only rebuttal the sexual predator has is  they  reply lying  ?
in middle school we gossiped about the boys we liked . in college we talked about the boys who sexually harassed or assaulted us .
labour women set up investigation into scale of sexual harassment and abuse inside the party after movement
it was never easy talk about these things but millions of women can relate to sexual harassment on our jobs but we had to work .
it s easier to report a bad burger and get helpful definitive results than it is to report a sex assault .  who is working on spectrum risks of disclosure in la ?
when creating a movement the first few courageous followers are needed just much as the leader . the campaign had countless courageous survivors share their stories creating an extraordinary movement . 
multiple men call a woman a slut or a whore you believe it . multiple women call a man a rapist you question it . enough is enough .
why do people still scrutinise what victims of sexual assault were wearing at the time of their attack ? i was wearing this tinker bell costume the first time . i was seven didn  t know what sex was and certainly was not  asking for it  .
so heartbreaking seeing friends post seeing professors of mine posting denial  of  normal  t let this stop you .
was a hotbed of sexual assault e & de graders in the  women were told to keep quiet or lose their jobs !
one summer while wearing a dress and awaiting my sister outside a mall two men pass by shouting beautiful beautiful white legs .
at jobs my personal life in public .  fun job example : i ll hold the binders you can hold my penis .
light rail  on the way back home to tempe from class .  people on a full light rail intervened and everyone else just ignored .
must  - read perspective on sexual assault and abuse of women by a christian evangelical . weinstein trump 
what men should take from is not that women in their life need more protection but that they need a course in privilege & patriarchy
out of  black girls are sexually assaulted by the time they are  years old . is denied to poor black girls . the same patriarchal system that rendered justice to wealthy white women neglects poor sexually abused black girls . 
all i ll say is target this movement toward sexual assault period . cause women saying this sticks with them over their life time .
you know what i hate men and woman both slut shame . slut shaming is rape culture . we all need to stop it . not just men .
after seeing blame sexual assault on women i am so glad i don 't wear her shitty clothes & never will .
family member was raped by five boys in school bathroom age  . another family member was raped by  men leaving work . crazy women ?
suffer sexual harassment & abuse . this brave man highlights abuse of power in incidents . 
the ever  - growing list of who has been accused of sexual harassment since weinstein . get a copy of and read up on our extensive list describing what sexual harassment is .
these guys are screaming out of their car as i  m walking  denial  of  normal  t stop walking because i will break your box baby  shaking  my  head
white house press secretary insists women accusing trump of sexual assault are lying 
time to start treating people with respect . our want and need for safety and security is not your second to your want or need to assault
we as a culture need to start asserting the importance of individuals who witness sexual harassment & assault & speak up
sexual assault . harassment . abuse . threats . intimidation . mobbing . misogyny . manipulation . unwanted and uninvited . no means no .
a black woman started  years ago . we  ve known about r . kelly for literal decades . but his victims are young + black .
my first memory is being *  or  * waiting in line for a water ride and hearing a dumbass scream at me  hey baby come ride this . 
don 't let them get away with shifting the focus of the problem of sexual assault .  it s not the victims fault or caused by the victims . this is a problem caused by the perpetrator .
if you re a man who has a problem with seeing posts you might be part of the problem . silence is violence . end sexual assault now !
everyone has a story . everyone has a voice . those who have been sexually assaulted need to have their voices heard . use to tell yours
not just holywood producers sexually abusing women . presidents too . men in position of power . time to educate our boys .
age  - sensitive relationships with women marc emery s thoughts on art & sexual abuse of children . 
watch last nights special  victims un it start at   . watch it with your kids . keep the conversation going .
is showing the pervasive ness of sexual assault . let us never forget trump bragged about assaulting women and was still elected .
sad but true . over  3  6 k reply  - tweets can t be wrong . instant  message just a plus  -  to this sad fact . 
plus seems to cover random sexual harassment in the street . you don 't know the names of the men who catcall you .
i hate that yet again women are responsible for starting conversations about sexual violence . how many men will continue them ?
women of congress share stories  - in the wake of wider discussion about sexual harassment and assault f .
this is how has always been treated by  godly  men of power . denial  of  normal  t talk about ugly then it doesn  t exist . bullish *t  ! it does exist & we are done being silent !
is there any way we can watch your whole speech on together live ? because just that little  minute video was so powerful ! would love to watch the rest ! proud of you !
i was also sexually harassed by a agent and tried to report it to airport . filed online report and got form email
women are adding their courageous voices  - and stories  - to those who have already spoken up about sexual abuse with the hashtag . 
sexual harassment and rape are rampant in the work place and personal lives . every heard of spousal rape . 
every single time they called me a liar on television . every single time i was harassed was worth it because others came forward
when i was  at the beach and a dad sent his young (  year  old ) son over to grab my butt . the dad was laughing when i turned around .
yes sure & pretty much all the females i know . females because it doesn t just happen to adult women it starts with little girls
it s sad to hear all the stories but also heartening to see so many women empowered to come forward with their own stories of sexual abuse
as trends worldwide i thought it was timely to share the findings of  survey highlighting the harassment faced by women .
exposing all perverts and pigs who act holier than thou in real life . kudos to brave people sharing their real life experiences
may god protect you from all the evil !  may god bless you my angel !  love you i hope every woman on this globe feels secured
barbara c . wallace bored chair of office that handles sex harassment complaints in congress defends the current system ( written by congress & only applied to congress ) . who suffered an assault as a staffer has called it embarrassing : 
a running list of the women who have accused harvey weinstein of sexual harassment and assault  via
silence may be golden but now the gold is the silver lining as thousands speak out openly about sexual assault abuse & harassment
every woman you know has experienced some form of sexual harassment or assault in their lifetime . listen to us .
since they too can say +  legislative staffers penned an open letter this week calling for intervention to end the culture of sexual harassment at the ohio state house .  read the letter : 
instant  message shocked by those sexual assault stories . may all victims press charges now . they should be prosecuted !
instant  message shocked by those sexual assault stories . may victims press charges and .
hundreds join hollywood march against sexual abuse  - los angeles ( reuters )  - hundreds of people marched .
these women spoke out against for the sexual assault and rape he committed on them . their voices matter . retweet !
multiple women have accused male british politicians of sexual harassment in light of the campaign .
when will academia come on board the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? a tenured professor is now more protected than a hollywood mogul or a republican .
reply : debated saying nothing as my kind have said too much . but this is important so :  . instant  message sorry  . it s not okay  . instant  message sorry
interesting suggestion : we need to acknowledge the female victims behind curious about how this hashtag can result in positive social and institutional changes like
have you joined the movement ? floods social media with stories of sexual harassment and abuse
teacher  watching : sexual assault abuse child sexual abuse rape sexual harassment .  never ending trauma .
as a man i will continue to teach my son about harass men women face and teach him to stand up against it when he sees it
helpful in light of the current moment and how men can help stop sexual harassment at work 
looking for philadelphia business people to share stories of sexual harassment in the workplace . email
mom was told she was pretty in an interview in her  2  0 s . response : well that better not get me the job . she got the job .
men must speak out against sexual abuse everyday all the time ! women & men must heal 
i think they brought harvey weinstein down cause they couldn  t get trump . trump has done that and worse
did you ever have a creepy kid on the bus ask to put you in a sleeper hold everyday and then hold you at his house as a grown  - up ?
i haven t ever met another women who hasn t been sexual harassed or violated in some way shape or form at some point in their life
is not about sexual abuse . it s about daily acts of harrassment that women experience from small to large .
yesterday i revealed to friends my history of sexual assault harassment & rape ; overwhelmed by response to
sexual harassment sexual assault and sexual abuse survivors take to the streets of hollywood for march
the movement is the latest form of hashtag activism highlighting abuse against women
tom posts comment reply toms rapey friends attack women defend rape don 't be like toms rapey ex  - friends
yes . still get mansplained to about my sexual assault and harassment experiences on the regs . actually heard the phrase not all men make a come back .
rape & sexual assault advocacy groups see an influx of calls since went viral . see how it could change things at  on
. on how movement gives women ( & men ) a voice against their sexual harassment & abuse
. movement gives women ( & men ) a voice against their sexual harassment & abuse
million women told their story of sexual assault with now a new asking men to take responsibility 
& we must remember that men gender non  - conforming & non  - binary folks r survivors . & accept that women perpetrate sexual violence too
instant  message not comfortable just yet sharing my own story . but  - i admire those who do share and those who support my not wanting to share .
women are shamed .  can  t take a joke are too sensitive & the men ? well .  they might get elected president . 
is the movement the start of a sexual harassment solution ? social media has been the platform hundreds of .
i speak for myself and the women and men i  have know who have been objectified by father s brothers bosses co  - workers & strangers . 
what  s appalling is the continued demonization of victims of people like if they had come out earlier same would have happened .  which is why they didn  t . just like all the victims . men in powerful positions have abused that power .
as a &  of people i counsel report sexual abuse & assault ( men & women ) helped me help us all
as women across social media say argues that high  - profile harassment cases are only the tip of the iceberg
his name is ben briles . he s married and has a little boy . i wonder if his wife knows . i wonder what his son would think .
i denial  of  normal  t want to have to keep outing myself . we denial  of  normal  t owe the world our stories . i want every single abuser to say instead .
women children and men are sexually assaulted because those who could prevent it collude . because victims are shamed & blamed
nothing validates women feeling the need to publicly disclose their sexual assaults like men using in their jokey trivia teams names .
men need to know how widespread sexual assault is . it is ubiquitous . it s your job to stop predatory behavior .
men responding like this to me talking about surviving sexual assault is why women don 't report it . you are part of the problem .
as teen . old neighbor use to lear at me he said gross stuff . i yelled embarrassed him ! no excuse for abuse from men or women
i can  t take it back but i can move forward . we all should be moving forward and taking steps to make women safer and supported .
add and all the other sexual predators out there . you want a return to reason ? end the patriarchy . put the women in charge .
i think the current climate around sexual harassment the movement can explain why these allegations came out now .
it took white woman to expose coconut star ( brown outside & white inside ) whom solidarity coconuts worship . list later .
& just about every woman i know . time to end this horrific trend . dear men when women say no they mean no !
the power of social media ! women across the globe share experiences with sexual assault using 
oh you find words like  rape   sexual assault  and  harassment  overused on my tough  luck ? me too .
sexual harassment knows no political bounds . there are enough stories to go around . stop distracting from the issue with partisan bullshit .
wearing a short skirt doesn  t mean i  m asking for it . being drunk doesn  t mean you can take it . telling you no doesn  t mean yes . grabbing me isn  t  just playing around . 
i have been harassed by a woman . if men and women were true equals a woman would never find a reason to tell a man to be one .
this gubernatorial forum is bringing tears to my eyes . current topic is sexual violence against women .
- it  s hard to live in a world that has decided your body is for the taking . the problem isn  t a couple  bad seeds  it s a bad system .
i  ve been harassed at work and assaulted in public . i was told in   - what do you expect you  reply a woman in the work place .
to the women feeling guilty about hurting the good guys out there : ask a good guy to stop using porn and watch how he reacts .
need good men to make it expensive  professionally emotionally physically  to do harm to women . calling all allies .
women respond to call to tweet to raise awareness of sexual harassment assault
rape culture vulture ! before you dare say why ni o w you should have asked the question before you assumed making a you know what out of yourself . this has been a  year fight !
the power of story telling and how sparked conversations about sexual assault and domestic violence
him  anyone think the higher incidence of autoimmune disorders & marijuana illness in women is due to the fact our lives are ruined repeatedly by violent men throughout our lifespan .
i want better for my children and kids whom i teach every week . protecting our children s innocence is our job as parents .
i remember in lusaka walking in cha cha road . this respectable looking guy would follow women around and masturbate . a guy selling bananas laughed it off at i hey maybe he s just pressed . forgive him . there you have it
if you care about sexual assault victims & maybe quit rt pictures of that hollywood monster .
your operator  - ed made me sick . so happy for you that you alone get to determine what constitutes sexual assault or harassment .
i have a problem with because survivors of sexual assault do not owe their stories to the world just to prove this is an epidemic .
stories about sexual harassment s power relationship between producers and female stars as old as hollywood 
hollywood could create a model program to protect and prevent sexual assault victims
continues to flood social media with stories of sexual assault support for victims via
campaign highlighting and empowering victims of sexual assault and abuse takes over twitter
campaign highlighting and empowering victims of sexual assault and abuse takes over twitter  
campaign highlighting and empowering victims of sexual assault and abuse takes over twitter .
campaign highlighting and empowering victims of sexual assault and abuse takes over twitter .  
fox news : monica lewinsky tweets indicating she is victim of sexual harassment or assault
hot take  - if you are using the hashtag to demean trans folks who have experienced sexual assault you re evil fucks knock it off
. meeting wednesday will discuss women  s revelations of sexual harrassment & how power seeks to silence their voices . 
this is just life no ! i d rather work for a better life where we don 't accept harassment or explain it away . affects everyone .
to all my friends & strangers who have been sexually assaulted ; you  reply not alone . you  reply loved . it is not your fault . i stand w you
rampant sexual harass men is no surprise . let s teach our girls how to come against it & teach our boys to change to
boys and young men learn about boundaries and what respecting them really looks like from a peer . practical formative education we can really get behind . 
disclosures tells us what we know women don 't tell stories publicly which is fine . we have support / allies . 
alyssa milanos hashtag proves shocking number of women have been sexually harassed and as .  but do not lie . 
be clear . sexual harassment isn t gender neutral . but in this moment the focus is on dis proportionate pain of women & girls
men : every time you witness sexist behaviour & don 't say anything a woman you know feels less safe & trusts you less .
sexual harassment the social media way : sending unsolicited nude photos and porn to women is a sexual offence 
the movement included every woman . the hollywood industry is messy misogynistic & abusive . but so is the world to women in general .
i take any kind if assault extremely serious ! to me though these women money movies fame were more important . now they holler
of those i know affected by sexual harassment has opened my eyes . you re not alone in fight to end this behaviour
once i realized this i promised to never be ashamed or silent about mine or any other man or woman s sexual assault or harassment .
thank you for the support . this disgusting story promoting and further making famous a sexual predator is a danger to all women . 
instant  message posting this for all the women who have trusted me with their stories of sexual a bus i  have got you .
^ * clap clap clap * super thirsty to watch white knights on the me too bandwagon . no respect for those guys . none . solid guys have better things to do than to be a part me too drama .
sexual harassment and abuse is rampant in the restaurant industry . there s a real need for change .
excellent must  - read for and advocates trying to change the culture of sexual harassment  and abuse . 
porn  s two biggest male stars stand accused of serial sexual assault .
progress is allowing the  6 th anniversary of my sexual assault to pass without calling the rape crisis hotline
community advocates applaud campaign for raising awareness about sexual assault reports
talking about sexual assault is not easy and will not get any easier !  today i talked about my stories
so yeah .  that  s how this shit works .  that  s how you  stay quiet  for however many years & then one day it  s okay or necessary to be silent no more .  yeah that  s it
i needed a job because i was divorcing an abusive spouse ! men like that know year  old prey on certain women . they know our vulnerabilities
i pointed out smart people can be jackasses & many are . also harassment & assault = far more common than most men think ( see  /
with exposing how rampant sexual harassment is rev . luckey is about to drop some truth on men who stay silent on the matter .
early in my career when still in training i filed a sexual harassment claim against a powerful established academic . healing still
i  have heard so many many stories . and the men ( and women ) who are outraged by the telling of the tales ? we see you .  eyes wide open .
alyssa milanos hashtag proves shocking number of women have been sexually harassed and assaulted .  
alyssa milanos hashtag proves shocking number of women have been sexually harassed and assaulted
aid workers guys . no industry is innocent . abuse of power & sexual assault is systemic everywhere . 
we have to make a hashtag about sexual harassment it s obviously an issue don 't think some people understand what is crossing the line
sexual harass men is so pervasive that until reading others stories i forgot how much i  have actually personally experienced .
in solidarity with all of our women who have experienced sexual harassment or assault of any kind and for those afraid to speak up
a powerful honest response to i want to show you not the explosion but the mushroom cloud .  you  ll feel it in your body . i want to show you the blasted segments but also the kind of art you can make from the reassembled pieces .
it makes me physically i ll to see how many women i admire open up with they shouldn  t have to relive trauma to get men to care .
people are posting on social media to show how widespread sexual harassment is  - the globe 
every time someone asks who are you wearing ? the actor should give a statistic about sexual abuse and assault . 
a man grabbed me in a bar . a man on the street exposed himself to me . a man followed me on to a subway train .
i really don 't know what to say when i see a known sexual harasser use as an opportunity to publicly take responsibilit
women doctors dentists nurses parent  at  side no  problems .  all healthcare providers & support staff : please share your stories . 
part of our college campus safety series . we discuss sexual assault and the realities of campus rape culture .
his whole act is based on this behavior anyone surprised by this is just getting on the bandwagon . shocked yes but surprised .  hell no . not condoning his inappropriate behavior but .  
teacher  watching : sexual assault  - in light of this podcast is incredibly timely . thank you + 
like with it was first hand accounts from women which really challenged this institutions perspective on violent men ( and it was a team project after that )
think a lot of lies are being told by a lot of people it s very very hard to know the good ones from the bad ones 
live on talking about complete lack of protection  most vulnerable & survivors in congress subjected to sexual harassment .
shared my story we need a cultural shift to rid society of sexual harass men more
i recommend this history of how black women telling their stories of sexual violence catalyzed the civil rights movement .
sending so much love to everyone who has spoken up . we need to de normalize the ways that men are capable of treating women .
pastors like this have the god complex and believe they  reply above the law and entitled to handle sexual assault crimes on their own . 
let s take and translate it into a rallying cry for equality justice and sustainable economies . women we have great power . that is why men do so much to suppress and oppress us . 
sex harassment charges hit silicon valley ; robert scoble says i feel ashamed via | women speak up
by sharing your stories to get closer to the truth about the prevalence of this problem . please take a moment to take this survey :
he approached me asking if i knew who filed a harassment claim against him . to this day i don 't know . but thank you . thank you !
i  d be much more moved by men saying   admitting complicity than women re living their trauma to wake y  all motherfuckers up .
ptsd from rape sexual assault from married man who claimed he was so into the bible molested by cousin hid in a closet at a party
has never happened to me . thank you to the brave women who are keeping this movement alive so it may never happen . hugs and  kisses
porns two biggest male stars stand accused of serial sexual assault . where s the outrage ?
love & power to all women who have found the courage to revisit their trauma in order to highlight the magnitude of sexual assault .
with the stories and the roy moore revelations do you still question why i would respon the sexual harassment and abuse i have taken here ?
do you know how hard it is to type when you  ve been suppressing what happened when you were  ? some people have never been able to even say out loud what happened . but go ahead bash us folk as cowards .
please rt !  my post on photos documenting my own sexual harassment  -  - were removed & got me suspended . details below
here are three   - word tips to make difficult conversations easier whether it s client feedback or related to sexual harassment . be proactive and speak up !
i want to support the women who ve posted posts . i want to see a total ban on videos that objectify women men and children .
tiffany beacon of hopes director of victim advocacy speaks on sexual assault in the workplace as the movement grows across the country .
the sad reality is that in one way or another we all know someone who has been affected by sexual harassment or assault .
/ women when you blame all men you  reply alienating our allies . there is an us vs them but not divided a long gender lines .
challenge to all men : starting now refuse to participate in any conversations online or off belittling women . say it  s not okay .
too many times to count how many times i was sexually harassed . thanks for creating a million  - strong support group ! 
if you ve ever wondered how common it is that women even men fall prey to being drugged then raped peruse my tough  luck
great things to learn ! for some sexual assault stories trigger trauma not empowerment via
fantastic leadership by here . the movement is powerful . let s support our sisters men . especially women of color . 
it s not only girls but boys too who experienced sexual harassment during their early age . predator don 't discriminate boys & girls . i experienced that too & got nobody to share it till now .
if you ve been sexually harassed abused assaulted as a volunteer . we need a private national women s legal fund
don 't c are woman shares experiences of coming face to face with sexual harassment and assault | full story :
however acknowledge non  - binary non  - computer  information  science beings . this campaign also puts trauma on display . we stand together but also resurface trauma
what happens when i say is it helpful for me to share my stories of assault and harassment ? instant  message glad the .
social  - media movement is trending and people are calling for awareness and action for social change
new data from  countries shows that sexual harassment is a pervasive phenomenon & policies are often missing  in  action
elizabeth perkins holds sign naming james woods james it s sounds like you have a lot of explaining to do ! 
i was sexually assaulted at work wearing long black pants long sleeve button front shirt and an apron .
retweeted wa fb ( baton rouge business owner shares her story of sexual assault read : .
train wreck calls all women victims all men toxic abusers | national review 
over tablecloths filled with tweets umd public  service  announcement led real talk on sexual assault . 
dear touching a woman s butt without consent is sexual assault and never funny or a joke .
gross . this male actor wrote used to write paragraphs about how he s being accused of sexual assault by mentally i ll people . 
people across the globe are standing up against sexual harassment by posting on facebook and twitter .
great post from my friend love you girl ! signs of sexual harassment and assault 
the anti  - sexual abuse movement that sparked the viral hashtag remains at the center of international attention .
i have hope that this will make a change in our society how we treat sexual harassment and rape ; for my daughters sake .
a1 : i knew how sexual assault was present so i was glad that people could see it s magnitude finally
child victims of sexual abuse know their perpetrator  of the time . who is around your pay attention to &
as hillary talked tonight about lifting women up i was thinking about the men who push us down . in all fields . who abuse & harass us .
should make our men realize that we will never be objects of their affection due to abuse harassment or intimidation . denial  of  normal  t get f  - up !
harvey weinstein didn  t prey on women by himself . he had lots of help as the campaign reminds us 
is swimming naked in front of female protectors sexual harassment ? not for is it ever appropriate to touch a young girls chest ? cue the tapes .
instant  message strong enough ! men let them know were on board ! women started the conversation let s end it !
after weinstein how is changing the way women share stories of sexual assault and harassment .
sending cyber hugs & love to all posting our sexual harass men outrage has focused on & politicians . (
women in national security share their stories | sexism on america  s front lines
it  s breaking my how many i see trending by women who have been victims of sexual assault . this shit has got to stop !
men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with  if men want to be part of the solution
twitter shows ~  tweets from people i follow of which ~  tweets are people sharing a trauma or just using tag . rest is commentary .
majority of women anywhere get sexually harassed . most of us try  ignore it . eventually we assimilate and become part of the problem 
never thought my pain would help someone else . never knew i was an inspiration as i was told today . i am grateful . and more grateful for the women who bravely said
there is no minimum level to sexual assault . if you feel you were taken advantage of or raped you were . speak with someone .
may you never stand to be disrespected in the name of keeping it together for the public eye . sexual assault in relationships is real .
i didn  t understand but i now realize the importance of creating a safe and judgement free outlet for victims of sexual assault
hashtag to watch : because thousands of women and girls can t be making up their stories of ( sexual ) harrassment .
the powerful chorus of echoing on social media feeds has shined a much  - needed light on sexual harassment & assault . (
tweeps be forewarned as more women tweet openly about harassment + abuse of power at work my story from past em plr entering stream .
men often shrug  - off cases of undesired  - but  - not  - forced contact as bad sex while women in similar circumstances choose victimhood . 
my husband has trouble processing & doesn t understand that i don 't want him to sexually assault me while instant  message asleep
if the ignorance about didn t immediately follow missing black girls an black trauma porn ? i d go on about my day
stats stare at us global norms reinforced it glad women & girls r stating if you ve been sexually harassed or assaulted write 
hey ! check out  - they  reply running a webinar right now on and covering sexual assault as student journalists .
in saying alyssa milano starts awareness campaign about sexual assault and harassment
freshman year frat party : dancing held a guys hand . thought he switched hands then realized there was a literal penis in my hand .
it is definitely sobering to see the number of tags in my feed . because i deal with title vii ( sexual harassment in the workplace ) .
i was called a slut by who i thought was a respectable guy in high school . last year i got asked by another guy ( from us ) to send nudes
it s safe to assume that  of the women you know have at least one story even if we don 't want to discuss them online yet
cele | bitchy | one tree hill showrunner terrorized assaulted cast and crew  women confirm via guess evil has a purpose . thank   you this movement has been th rocket up th ass movement we have literally been dying
. picks up our report on from and myself  - other top story is on sexual harassment and cart girls . important discussions happening in many industries around 
in the nfl . what about the victims of these cte afflicted athletes ? should the nfl be held responsible for knowing they were unleashing potential abuse and death on women and children ?
thank you to the brave women who shared their stories . creeps are finally being held accountable . 
shout out to for denouncing sexual assaults happening on university environment in mexican universities if anyone has any story to share please do so at
now we get to hear every female who was winked at claim harassment and assault cheapening what true sexual assault really is .
i  m a male survivor also women definitely can effect men as well . keep fighting forward
no one says male victims do not exist . let s focus on awareness & education not digression . male victims just add & share your story .
bravo to all the victims of sexual abuse for coming forward . together we can smash the patriarchy . another world is possible .
i know survivors men & women who were abused as kids at my church . knew but passed the trash . 
a few months ago i finished a   - week support program with for survivors of sexual assault and violence
if sexual assault victims of trump tweeted would you finally consider believing them ? just   wondering
important for all of to keep in mind and practice self  - care . the hidden health effects of sexual harassment 
i keep seeing trending & all i keep thinking at this point is this : is there a female out there who can t say this ? eye opening reflection of who we are as people .
although i unfortunately don 't know of any person that hasn t suffered some type of sexual harassment . that s the sad truth .
good thread : urges us to shift sexual harass men discussion to those who aren t rich & famous . 
deeply saddened by robert scoble s web log today . groping women is assault  - even if your not her boss . and he offends everyone who said
many times  count . from rape  sexual assault . i just did . it was easier . i needed work professionally . personally it just is .
no woman should ever have to experience sexual harassment or assault . dsk & weinstein are symptomatic . deep societal change needed .
company had an insightful talk on and workplace sexual harassment today . necessary given the times & highly recommend to others .
denial  of  normal  t you feel i ll seeing those movies that show dressed avg men and barely dressed beyond gorgeous women ? fantasies 
i  ve been trying to remember specific instances of sexual harassment & there are literally too many to count . do you see the issue ?
i denial  of  normal  t have a story but i support and am here for all the women who have a story come forward and tell people what  s going on .
thank you for sharing . i  m sorry that happened . something similar happened to me on my way to school in  9 th grade .
in response to the multiple additional sexual assault allegations against kevin spacey but also in general
what is your company doing to avoid sexual harassment at work & advance gender equality ? check out this tool :
teachers from palo alto  - los gatos  - saratoga open floodgates on judges and lawyers sexually abusing young women  - jane and john q . public 
i feel this is not something that needs to be said but apparently it does . woman do not want to see men masturbate unless the woman purposely asks !
remember : dehumanizing violent depicts and encourages sexual predation ; campaign shows the magnitude of porns social effects .
sexual harassment isn t a pretty girl problem . self congratulatory victim blaming and totally tone deaf . 
lost great job through entitled male pretended 2b on phone  ward off people female caution like so many other women
women should be safe in work social life and home without sexual harassment . unfortunately they aren t . let s stop
it happened to while i interned in la after a party for i was fired  days later .  as a result i am no longer working in my chosen professional field and pursuing my dream of working in television
campaign has gone viral shedding light on the prevalence of sexual harassment . read article here : 
is u police respond to the campaign . follow the link for sexual harass men resources and guidance 
one tree hill cast accuses former show runner of sexual harassment pen powerful group letter  via
seeing so many women ( and men ) speak up as part of the movement has been overwhelming . instant  message disappointed in .
unpopular opinion : trump voters need to sit out the discussion on account of voting for someone who bragged about sexual assault .
if you were listening all these centuries you would have heard us . is not new and we didn t just start telling people what   ever been telling people for centuries what   ever just never been believed over the important m a should never have gotten so widespread
yes and : no woman needs to qualify her story . harass men comes in many forms  - all scary . to women not sharing : you are enough 
majority sexual harassment acts pass  - off as casual groping and the perpetrators have no idea how disgusting & offensive it is !
tfw you see the twitter feed of the man who assaulted you years ago & he s virtuous ly rting articles on sexual harrassment .
the reason why the hashtag is so powerful is because as women we often forget or brush off sexual harassment & assault like it s normal .
sexual assault exists beyond a news cycle . ca survivors deserve safe campuses . devos will ignore them you will not . 
= iphone x screen lame in cold . actually world problem = wave up on wave of allegations surfacing . thank god for ministries like and others standing tirelessly for the exploited . seems we need similar ministry in this country .
ugh how disappointing . to shame women for feeling fear of men given is a low move .
police told rape victims they would  look like a slut on trial  : how law enforcement fails women 
survivors need more than words of support . we need men to act to end rape culture ! sign the pledge :
my goes out seeing how hard it is for them  talk : women share stories of sexual harassment  via
the only way to stem the tide of sexual assault rape culture and denigration is to teach our children to see the humanity
join me in  minutes for a new ask czarina live  . i will be discussing the latest hollywood sexual harassment scandals .
thinking you   all so predictable as i see some men using to debate who real victims are & what should count as sexual violence .
also consider how shows up in the workplace . opportunities for women vs men living with trauma .  even the sheer liability
sexual harassment sexual assault and rape * * do not * * follow party lines . if one man is convicted of it so should all the rest !  
so sexual assault allegations by potentia victims is now seen as gossip ? i thought the campaign might have caused you to realize that it s rarely gossip
do something about the epidemic by supporting feminist voices . i talked about sexual harassment  eps ago . 
sexual assault within a relationship happens . highly recommend listening to latest podcast  - you  reply not alone .
will academe ever truly hold big  - name professors more accountable for sexual harassment ? ( opinion )
men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with  excellent piece .
opinion editor anna silver writes about how the trend reveals the effect of sexual assault in society
asks sexual assault survivors to share stories hashtag goes viral
sexual violence against black women at the hands of law enforcement agents has been part of the global historical fabric since  . via
mujeres has spent decades working with sexual assault survivors to help them break the silence and .
also due to the talks about sexual assault yeah it wasn  t as bad as other people but to this day i feel grossed out
retweeted fox news ( monica lewinsky tweets indicating she is victim of sexual harassment or .
.  by men who weren t all bad men some people still think are good male bosses men i thought were friends men i trusted .
how prevalent is sexual assault in restaurant industry . it was my one experience waiting tables in high school
thousands have tweeted or posted after a call to raise awareness of sexual harassment and assault :
ranting about the witch hunt is the same as saying you do not believe women and side with the predator . stop that please thank you .
a common theme growing up in latin america is harassment verbal abuse and molestation on the street by random men (  )
3 novices :  me too  hashtag lights up twitter and facebook with sexual assault stories to say the harvey weinstein s 
i received sexual commentary and unwanted touches from male customers at a part time job . harassment is harassment and i believe you
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney alleges sexual abuse by team doctor using hashtag
women are iding selves as assault harassment victims with tweets after call by actress alyssa milano
i  ll share  tip of the iceberg stories :  ) i remember being called a dog & barked at by a group of men .
bbcworld : rt bbc_ have your say : . alyssa _ milano and the call for women and men to speak up about sexual harass  
. outed elizabeth perkins names james woods during march against sexual harassment
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might sense the magnitude of the problem copy & paste
is the sound of women pushing back against toxic patriarchy both in culture at large and on the internet . 
edited an old essay today about people who instant  message still fb friends w / and instant  message shaking now but here
men can be victims of sexual assault too . stereotypes of being a man and hyper  - masculinity don 't help . they need support as well .
the campaign is raising awareness about sexual assault . college administrators and should take note . the latest from 
women are sharing tales of sexual abuse under the hashtag  and it  s already having real  - world consequences
women are sharing tales of sexual abuse under the hashtag  and it  s already having real  - world consequences  
the use of passive voice allows us to avoid confronting the fact that it is men and boys who have sexually harassed women and girls . 
we honor survivors around the world who are sharing their stories and standing up against sexual assault . 
so what do we do about false allegations ? fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
i had too much to drink at a party in high school . what happened to me was so common i didn t consider it sexual assault .
a shout out to all the women and girls who find it too difficult to say we know you  reply out there and we send you love .
in my office women have most prominent leadership roles . in my life they make me better . i hate to see a world with so much in it .
don 't blame prostitutes strippers or playboy models . that s right up there with what were you wearing ? when a woman is raped . if you are an ally you will stop trying to blame rape culture on women .
for both sexual assault and harassment . if all women put this as a status we would see the magnitude of the problem .
i know a shit load has happened to me . it seems like a terrible amount . i assure you it s pretty common for women . that sucks !
actress alyssa milano sparked hashtag campaign after asking other women to use it if they have ever been harassed
trump sees women as lying harassment because it has been normalized behavior and he doesn  t see his actions as wrong but normal .
contributed to a story on harvey weinstein and sexual harassment by powerful men .  in german .  german public television 
abuse is wrong but i am fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
all these stories just validates why i carry protection . instant  message only giving one warning before using . just saying .
idaho law protects killing children dead . amen . boycott no trade no travel ; do not support the serial killing of children amen . like the international child abuse of and sexual harassment of women silence is bad for dead children .
want to point out that the badass witches from charmed are leading the way  sexual assault awareness in light of h . weinstein debacle
powe seem to give license to quiet women these asses feel are weak enough to prey up on my  1  2 year  old daughter  s take .
a powerful display on social media has united women who have been sexually assaulted and inspired others to speak up
challenge : join me  2 support underserved women  - help them fight  copy  u &   4 friend who posted
i am someone s men it s time to speak up & acknowledge our roles in creating this problem . if we don 't we won t be able to fix it .
xant believe that people still say everybody gets bullied or we all regret a certain sexual act but it isn t a big deal . yes it is !
the fact that women learn to be aware of their surroundings carry mace and stay in well lit places . ( not an assault victim )
disgracefully so many females experience sexual harassment that i  d be surprised if any female friends i knew had not been harassed
why is this even relevant ? didn  t surface until  which empowered women to come forward . of course it  s old white republican man that doesn  t seem to get that .
solidarity for those that remain silent . you are loved and not alone . we will fight for a culture that respects all women + men .
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault check out via nyt the new york times
it does not matter if it was a girl or a guy sexual harrassment is not acceptable . so here i am unafraid letting everyone know
i need to know that isn  t just about grown women survivors . that one day campaign will b moot we acted to protect our girls
quit a great job i couldn t take the comments from the guys anymore . wasn t even a term for sexual harassment or hour dept
watch : creator tara na burke on resurgence of the movement for sexual assault survivors
tweeting for all the women in my college . i know they ve experienced harrassment and thought it unimportant and dangerous to speak up
it is time to have congress pass equal rights amendment ( passer a ) for women ! last vote  not   cool reps hid behind dumpster
/ to all the women posting i am crushed . i think i  have been paying attention but instant  message still overwhelmed . thank you for your courage .
the campaign has ignited the sports world bringing critical attention to sexual violence and it s often  - ignored victims .  - 
okay male friends . in support of all the strong women out there i want us to start a movement to support all the women and the
statistics say  in  women will be sexually assaulted in her life . thinking of my friends & family i realize the much higher
the recent hashtag is still viral showing just how huge of an issue sexual assault is in society 
kind of how rich people feel when commoners ask for money . women have always had the power . and those who harass are the commoners .
speak out against sexual assault even when the abuser is on your side of the political aisle in your circle of friends or family .
when instant  message marathon training instant  message running for charity . to make the world a better place . not so men can comment on my appearance .
native american women have the highest rate of sexual assault in the country .  yet they are never named in the national conversation about sexual violence . 
i can t speak for all women . while it is about sexist treatment & abuse of women i honor solidarity w / harassed & assaulted men who
at asus tempe campus today looking for students to talk to who have experienced or witnessed sexual assault incidents
while not every woman will come out and speak about being subjected to harassment & shameful behaviour in the work place on the street in the club most can relate .
/ i didn  t tell anyone because i believed what he told me . i would just eat and eat . sometimes he would exploit the death of my father and my mother  s bi  - polar disorder after his death and as i think back those were the cruelest moments
oh my  god the sexual assaulter is back tweeting . what balls . by the way on behalf of us victims everywhere .  fu2k you and 
oh yes true in the echelons ! female members of congress describe sexual harassment by male lawmakers 
i ll add one personal note : i  have seen men supporting who know of my assault ( and attacker ) and have said not one word to me about it .
if a woman makes herself into a sex object is she right to object to a man who treats her as one ? when did modesty cease to be a virtue ? are a million abortions a year evidence that the new liberated woman hates motherhood & her sex ? does free choice trump biological fact ?
is hard . i  m not alone ; you  reply not alone . need a place to start healing ? one of my favorite resources
not a good time to be a serial sexual abuser . there is a crescendo of i am not going to take this shit anymore .
denial  of  normal  t make us beg . denial  of  normal  t make us revisit events we would soon forget . instead acknowledge there  s work to be done and then go do it .
why should we include women in top leadership positions in the church ? how many me too posts have you read today ? 
this epidemic of men harassing women must end ! head of news on leave after past allegations
this is y is so important . victims need to be heard . they need  know we believe & trust them even when the prez calls them a liar . 
great stories about puerto rico and the  elections . in edtech . the return of fake news . back  - and  - forth over newsletter subscribers get it all . . non  - subscribers ? they get nothing . ( until monday .
the perpetrator does not dictate when enough penance has been paid ; talk to the victims years later and see how they re recovering . appalling . these men don 't get it . this is not a movie .  - damage isn t over when credit rolls .
he was my friend . best friend of my  1 stop  that love . i trusted him . he was driving me home . knew him for years . he raped me . never reported
we may never see sexual predatory behavior eliminated on set but i know it ll never go back to the way it was
but i couldn  t escape the triggers : as women spoke up . as the video played on repeat on social media . and the news . and in my head .
instant  message all for the posts but when someone says hi unsolicited it s not harassment it s being friendly . i don 't care what situation .
men stop lecturing women about misogyny and start listening to their voices . we need to close our mouths and open our ears .
survivor of over ten years of sexual abuse during childhood . even after nearly a decade of therapy it still affects me daily
i see you . when sexual harassment & assault are pervasive yet survivors are punished instead of perps it takes courage to speak out .
heard  guys talking about how despicable recent sexual harassment claims were . if that s not change i don 't know what is .
stand behind the women and men who have been sexually assaulted or harassed and keep the focus on them .
but hey instant  message not weak anymore . i will slap you . i will hit back i won t hold back . beware be aware i am .
cases of sexual assault on college campuses are steadily rising . learn how to protect yourself and stay safe .
the magnitude of the problem is real & now i ask  -  - what can & will both men & women do to change this systemic issue ?
the hashtag is ten years old and rather actually step back and include that in a real narrative of oppression of women s voices ?
harassment begins where respect ends : i was only attracted to you because i thought you were asian and quiet . you know old school
shows this isn t a hollywood don 't c are or only a power man problem . it s a problem i have something to do with . little ole nobody me . we must use to change everyone everywhere .
thank you colorado house of representatives for taking action on sexual harassment in the capitol ensuring that the people house is safe ! here s the full statement :
thankful to the group of women at one of my first jobs who gave me support and courage to report being chased and harassed
a lot of tweets facebook posts and messages about the movement refer explicitly to women who are sexually assaulted an (
it is time we listen to the voices of women around the world . it is time we take a stand against violence against women .
we  reply not shocked or surprised by the large number of women who  ve been sexually assaulted or raped . but we should be outraged .
i commend the women who are brave enough to come forward in the campaign . we as a society need to treat females better .
please encourage survivors of sexual a bus to contact their local rape crisis centers !
the list will get longer as girls boys women & men are beginning to be believed .
i  have been reading all the posts this evening . we all need to act to stop sexual assault & harassment when we see & hear it .
where s the place of  men who were assaulted ( as boys or men ) by women ? the should cover all victims regardless of gender
great to see the bravery & solidarity from pals sharing their testimonials of sexual assault & harassment through we are survivors !
o thurman  s rage is palpable yet contained conveying not just the tempestuous depths of but a profound understanding of the ways that female anger is received and weaponized against women . pinion | brave enough to be angry
female students of take strong stance ag sexual harassment by teachers ; call vc a coward over in action .
how men can stop sexual harassment .  -  - > if you want to help become history read & take action .  
but it s time for everyone else to step up . we just spent a week talking about & the only  people to call him out on fbook ? women
stop playing ! in should not be considered normal ! it is sad that many great got because they would not participate in sexual acts . hip hop . 
in  case you missed  it : women business leaders around the valley share their thoughts on the campaign  -  -
i was in third grade  - a male classmate groped my chest as he got off the afternoon school bus . my dad refused to call his parents .
) we can not stomach the abuse any longer . has triggered a lot of repressed pain . the tide has turned & women will not be silenced .
read them . be sickened . get angry . demand change . women & men alike ( because yes it happens to men ) : it was never your fault .
being harassed coerced abused assaulted intimidated ignored silenced is everyday situation normal for too many women .
to those sharing i see & hear you & will continue to challenge sexual & gender  - based violence
leg steps can be taken to curb sexual predators like harvey weinstein from rising to power outside of and how establishment enables
  women came forward about & people still called them liars  is powerful but not enough . rapists must be held accountable
i don 't know a woman who has not experienced some form of sexual harassment or unwanted sexual advances in her lifetime . but
aye man shout out to everyone with this movement . there is nothing more disgusting and demeaning than sexual abuse . it s got   to stop .
i know instant  message late but this important i  have been sexually assaulted . it s  it s time we sort this shit out .
.  simply put most women have been sexually assaulted or harassed . trump triggers nearly every woman .
if you re reply  - living an experience today because of the posts and need support don 't second guess yourself in seeking support from friends
fellow men : let s support our sisters this  campaign season by blacklisting and shaming candidates and staff who sexually harass .
important perspective : how educators can help disrupt sexual violence & create safe respectful spaces for learning . 
hashtag shows just how common sexual assault and harassment are the social media movement stop  that .  via
i am afraid of being touched by men . hugs frighten me . even sex with people i trust is plagued by a memory that i didn t want . (
if all the women who have been sexually harrassed or assaulted use we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
isn t an attack on men . my husband was floored when i told him my stories . he thought those things only happened in the movies .
ap : rt ap entertainment : focusing on victims : alyssa _ milano says she spread campaign to show how often women  
and then this : instant  message sorry you didn t have the childhood you think you deserved . clearly the problem is me . i want too much
worldwide nothing is more helpful to the liberation of women thaan education . teach girls to read write & study .
is great  - denial  of  normal  t use this time to reach out to your victims even to apologize . not helpful . your conscience = not my problem .
& the discussion of makes men extremely uncomfortable . but it  s time  2 take a stand as & let our anger out .  2 many predators out there
a lot of men are surprised and horrified at how many women and not  bad folks are posting but what   ever been saying it forever .
twitter flooded with responses to  - two simple words became a rallying cry on twitter to stand against s .
wow it  s unreal to see how many women have dealt w / creeps & disgusting behavior . i  m starting to feel guilty for being a  hugger  .
i denial  of  normal  t know any woman who is surprised by these [ stories or by the sheer vast numbers of them writes 
this is the perfect time to explain to your kids about if someone touches them inappropriately or does something or says something inappropriately to tell you as a parent and to notify the proper authorities like a police officer .
nickelodeon fires loud house creator over sexual harassment allegations . our voices are having an impact ! 
i added a video to a playlist movement hits the streets amid sexual misconduct allegations in
alyssa milano prompts twitter movement to raise awareness of widespread sexual harassment  via
it is easy to see who russia wants to win . put in is out to destroy america . be vigilante and join the women who are leading the charge 
take a look at what s happening with ( & i suspect it s easier to find women who haven t been sexually harassed or assaulted )
we stand in solidarity with those women who are survivors of sexual violence of all kinds ( assault harassment rape )
i have been sexually harassed . and instant  message loud and proud and one of the please retweet or cop
millions of women and men share stories of sexual assault and harassment using the trending hashtag
the movement has opened so many eyes ( including mine ) . if it s painful to you ( as a man ) imagine how this is for the women .
watching epsd where julia  s teacher comes on to her & justin & charlie denial  of  normal  t accept no from women . so relevant today .
okay .  we know men rape . but i wondered if one of the biggest accusers of harvy .  r is an initial dated a married producer on set ?
long belief : only  women report rape  -  - don 't wt get raped again  - in court .  reports on puke =  more assaulted ?
my childhood sexual abuse is public yet this tweet is so very difficult for me . thank   you for helping us all stand together
i became pregnant from my sexual assault . i felt like it was my fault so never reported it . no idea who father is but i love my kid .
no one tell bill what it s like to be the survivor of multiple sexual assault harassment in a culture that hates survivors ! 
he understands what rape is .  what unwanted sexual advances are .  no means no .  his point to me was .  young men don 't care .
to any victim of sexual assault it s never your fault be brave you r not alone u r worth all the gold in the world never again
join s indira he nard and tara na burke originator of the for a twitter chat on and women of color in the movement .
thanks cnn for updating this story . social media flooded with personal stories of assault
is a huge number considering  - fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
raya sarkar faces death rape threats after sexual predators list takes academia by storm 
this man is the owner of haymarket bar in louisville . he is a known rapist of at least  women . sharing for a friend .
this is why is so wide spread . for the people in the back : real men can control themselves and honor consent 
can now count  garage sale own home with my husband nearby  in list of places men have made inappropriate sexual comments to me .
not having consent is not okay . for all those who have survived or are dealing with acts of sexual abuse and violence i am
thanks for allowing me the space to share the story of my assault and hopefully help others .  years of silence is enough . 
i was drugged & gang raped in college couldn t press charges . now i teach college . you will not silence future students 
nothing headshot shattered me more than the tweets . the devastation turmoil and sometimes daily sexual & physical abuse faced by so many
horrible that in alabama would rather choose a over a should take a immediately if he wants voters to believe he is not a women are not to be believed except in where are ministers ?
there should of been a female host reporting on the sexual harassment case because the male said wow so it s that far spread .
i shared one of my stories about unwanted sexual advances in the space industry with cap terra . years later but still hard to share . 
have  books out about being a survivor of childhood sexual abuse ( age  ) . some say i wrote them for the attention . right .
personally i  have been grabbed stalked spit on harassed and almost raped for saying no to unwanted sexual advances .
love you reese ! sexual harassment is inexcusable . all need to know the pain it causes . nobody should be a victim of it ( women & men ) .
i think it s time & i support those coming forward  - both women & men . unfortunately i  have not been able to confess via
if all the women who have ever been sexually assaulted or harassed wrote then we may finally figure out how big of a problem this is .
a life  - long serial sexual predator enrolling in a   - week outpatient therapy program isn t taking anything seriously .
and i want to recognize women who suffer in silence . just because you didn t share doesn t mean your suffering & pain is invalid .
again i will not let anyone shame me for saying no . i will not help others attain young naive women for parties i am not a pimp for some producer or spoiled movie star .  rebecca evans dominatrix ( amazon books )
my question is who doesn t have a me too story ? i can t think of a single woman in my life who has not experienced sexual harassment
to all the well  - meaning men in my feed who are posting instant  message here for you in response to the posts : thank .
rt grandma : . alyssa _ milano who started movement :  testament to how powerful women can be when we do stand to ge  
from ex  - boyfriends spreading rumors to people doubting my friends sexual assault to getting cat called on my way to an internship  -
now is our time to fight back ! never before in our modern culture has there been a better time to report sexual abuse . do it now !
i am who i am despite it . i also denial  of  normal  t want this to be a gendered issue  - women aren  t the only people getting assaulted .
first i am very inspired by all the survivors sharing on the hashtag . this hashtag shows just how prevalent rape culture has become and that must change .
thanks to for sharing our tips on how to take action if you experience workplace sexual harassment :
social media campaign aims to raise awareness show broad impact of sexual assault
- a new extension campaign created by & advocates for teaching students about sexual violence in school . check it out  -  - >
years ago america started talking about sexual harassment thanks to anita hill :
read the open letter from the women and gender non  - conforming people of the animation community reply : sexism
because of the abuse i endured from men verbally physically and emotionally over the years i  have chosen to remain single at age  .
ugly betty star america ferrera joins movement revealing she was sexually assaulted aged  by a  grown man 
you are sorry for your gender ? i am fearful for my sons as we are in age when any allegation can ruin their life  - the world is not lacking crazy women who would do this
so happy & impressed that women feel more comfortable shedding light on experiences harassment . this change was long awaited .
i just want to say you are very right tears rolled down my face when you said  - they were yelling into the wind with no one listening  how long will we have to ? how long will the words me too fall by the wayside ? i often wonder .
instant  message sharing stories on our  newscast for w usa  . we need to speak up . men and women . if you have a .
yet they did nothing and he was allowed to become a law  - ignoring judge . complicity in white male sexual privilege is why we have a pandemic of . 
but as a trans masc person i admit that i am not without fault . i  m working on it . but please know . not only cishet women are abused .
the number of messages in my various social feeds is devastating . much love my friends . i am sorry that so many men suck .
saying this here to make other people know they  reply not alone and that rape doesn  t define you even if it leaves slow  - healing scars .
i see it all the time as a women  s health provider a mother a sister a daughter a friend and when i look in the mirror because
job sexual harassment few times once sexual assault by serial predator donald crosby weinstein = losers
hey cheryl instant  message working on a story about can you please send me an email when you get this ? it s
yeah let s talk about because sexual harass men needs to have a greater focus the root of the problem rather than the victims .
join our new social media campaign for survivors of sexual assault to bring women together ?
it is not enough to repeat the platitude that men have to be part of the solution . why ? how ? this is what i sought to address . i can feel the cultural tectonic shifts . let s keep the momentum . please share this widely .
survivors of sexual violence don 't owe anyone our stories . here s why instant  message telling mine . 
mostly i  have found support in other strong women but we have to change this narrative . rape culture is real and painful .
if amy good man was going to mention politics reply : sexual abuse  -  - she ought to have mentioned this news : -> 
am i crazy to find man so video offensive especially to women ? he touches  girl as she sleeps . it s weird and gross to me
so much strength in these messages and stories revealed ! you re all beautiful people ! i love you all for being strong enough to share
are you withholding or keeping your earlier endorsement of  women ( who voted  trump ) +  witnesses can t all be wrong . talking now because makes it possible . surely has a better candidate ?
the amount of re trauma t ization coming from the campaign is draining . women once again putting the cause in front of their own health .
wow finally from a man . i  ve been sad watching all these women come forth with devastating stories . thanks for taking responsibility .
by the tidal wave of bravery from the women in my life i shared my story on fb this morning . but i got   to say :
/ he used to say no one will believe me because no one will believe someone like him or any man would ever touch a fat girl . i would go home and eat more and more until i become sick but food was how i coped .
it s unfortunate that we need a hashtag for people to believe that sexual assault is real & widespread but i was  &  &  . yeah
is > women harassed reaching child sexual abuse survivors who are now feeling the strength  come forward .
tweets reveal : instead of honor empowerment & release far  2 many women & girls r objectified degraded & abused .
really sad that the left is using this campaign to distract from their crimes and cover  - ups ! women need to wake up ! 
if you are a man who s shocked that so so so many women can say please start paying better attention to the world around you .
join the conversation . tweet us . today at  est cheddar  et w / lolly daskal how to deal w / harassment 
i get the sentiment behind saying you re against sexual assault you have a daughter sister mom  - i do too .
time to shift the paradigm ladies . were sick of it . i personally can t stomach the oppression men have imposed for far too long .
oh women are coming forward . everyone  s going to need a  3 rd party at every interaction .
thank   you for having the courage to speak out about sex assault & reminding women that welcome  on cam matter in 
in  women experience rape .  of rapes sex assaults aren t reported . is a step to change . is the next .
it s part of the conversation . especially women who suffer the abuse shit   happens connect the dots  - no more legitimizing porn
we all appreciate the trauma that deters women from reporting abuse but every delay can increase the events over time & this is never discussed & should be . it just shdn  t take  years to come forward . waiting to report increases the trauma exponentially .
retweeted reuters top news ( sexual harassment stories sweep social media after weinstein .
revolting behavior ~ louis ck on sexual misconduct allegations : these stories are true  - abc news 
during the campaign on fb i saw so many disgusting responses to the women who were brave enough to put that on their page .
a huge shout out to the women in my life who continue to fight through this all on daily basis . more power to you today and always .
any sign that a guy is a jerk asshole disrespectful towards women shows signs of domestic violence .  i run .
yes very impressed these women did i had an incident as an intern i reported it as i left the company saying if any other woman has an issue well now you have a history
sweden face italy in  world cup playoff . chance going through equal to feminist gov working f / girls & women i e  .
why does it take viral hashtags for people to understand the sexism & misogyny that women face ?
finally for all women . if it  s that hard for the rich & famous to come forward imagine how difficult it is financial security
instant  message curious about the attitudes on sexual assault and movement among white evangelical republican women who support trump .
i remind my fellow americans you who knowingly voted for a rapist & sexual harasser for president you  reply lacking morals .
why i passed  1 stop  that good samaritan law in us . people watched & did nothing as a woman violently raped on a pool table in new bedford m a .
retweeted spicy boy ( taking the time today to appreciate and listen to all the women coming forward to say
-  moms boyfriends son  -  adults i told chose  not believ  act on belief  - only stopped when i told one right someone  - tell everyone
i don 't think i know a woman who hasn t been groped by a guy without consent . myself included . the first time was in the  6 th grade .
testified about harassment n congress both past & present let s take a stand  change us future now no more victims
and also if it takes a bunch of people tweeting for you to believe victims fuck you . listen to victims without a fucking hashtag .
/ i had forgotten about it until now . i really appreciate people sharing their stories . it  s helped me remember stuff i had buried .
so now asking a woman out more then once is harassment ? many rom coms are based on the guy who keeps trying to get a yes for a date 
u clearly don 't know what literally means . i never said vic s deserved it instant  message telling them to go further than 
yes people need to listen the  1 stop  that time instead of waiting for a massive number of women to come forward . stop the abuse .
thank you to anyone reading ! i want to scream their names yet instant  message miles away and still terrified of them and what d they d do .
 if you  reply thinking instead of posting  - you  reply loved we believe you and we respect your silence . stay strong .   -
i know some men who should use the hashtag they were usually harassed or assaulted as a child by older male neighbors or relatives .
this country is having conversation about sexual violence while the president is being sued by multiple women for sexual assault .
he s a sick fun . it s just a matter of time before the women and underage girls he s assaulted come forward .
am hoping that the who had filed rape charges against and his other victims feel empowered to speak again
it is good to see the fortitude by all the women not just in our community but all around the world to stand up against sexual abuse .
sexual assault is about power check out our latest web log post ( part  of  ) 
have you seen on your social media today ? women are sharing their stories of sexual harassment : writer explaining
have you seen the current movement at all ? rape is a start . workplace harassment . plenty of others  - equal pay ?
not sexual assault but assault . that time one of the male managers tried to put his fist in my face at an informal company party .
you re tired of reading about violent acts against women ?  imagine trying to live through them .
thanks for leading the chorus of male and voices to lead so is part of the past for our daughters sons and grandchildren . ps . add closed captioning to your videos so that deaf individuals like me can fully enjoy your artistry .
let s remove any stigma shame o guilt from victims . we need  change laws . ths is a long  - term promise  help end s . a .
open your eyes to sexual assault . it happens everywhere at all times to all types of people . it s real and it s a problem .
the first time i was groped i was  . i started laughing . when i told my mom she pulled me aside & hugged me & i didn t know why .
& way too many times  list in a tweet . i  m  years old & sickened & saddened sexual harassment & abuse is still so pervasive in
man pretending to be woman who attacks rape victims daily now a tracking any woman with mental health issues . 
sadly maternity care is not trauma  - informed with  regard  to survivors of sexual abuse / assault . ( i run workshops to change that )
sexually harassed at work then fired for not succumbing to sexual assault . this was  years ago . things must be different now !
it is my duty to ensure that little one and her friends are not part of educating boys and girls against sexual violence .
bravest tweet ever sent . might not look at twitter for a while . i didn  t want other women to join . started at  1 stop  that physical . has  stop
not to mention the men who have stalked and threatened me and i  have said nothing for fear someone might think i can t handle myself
the march is inspired by hollywood s recent sexual assault allegations coming to light .
i  have been groped grabbed forcibly kissed fondled and cornered . i  have also protected countless female friends from sexual predators .
inspired by the courage of women who ve said takes real guts to speak up . shocked and dismayed at the sheer number .
paging men responding to the posts  -  - > men you want to treat women better ? here s a list to start with 
if all cap abl victims of sexual assaul rt  me too  it ll give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
so but instant  message exhausted by the amount of times women are called on to share these stories . it s heart wrenching and exhausting .
boulder county sex assault hotline sees  increase in calls since harvey weinstein news broke 
today metro changed it s logo to for new  york  city philly & boston print editions . inside are stories about the campaign & from survivors 
sexual harassment ? too many times to count . sexual coercion ? yes . gaslighting ? definitely . i get blamed for defending myself ? yep .
from to the anti  - trump election backlash women are seething and showing we are a force . terrific piece by lindy west . 
in case you didn t know .  trending hashtag inspires victims of sexual assault to step forward
this is something i thought i could never talk about & felt it somehow always affected my relationships . rape & assault are poison .
women denial  of  normal  t just want to be equal to men we need to be equal to men . we have to start somewhere and we  reply sharing our stories .
is the black female activist who started the movement  years ago for sexual assault victims . 
as much as i love the campaign can we also acknowledge the prevalence of conquest culture with men as a huge part of the issue ?
all sexual predators should be treated equal regardless of their political stand ! because they are disgusting evil demons ! 
we can do better : madison women join social media movement to fight sexual assault
we can do better : madison women join social media movement to fight sexual assault 
him  . i guess no womyn here r asking for it . we  4 give u . please educate yourself reply : power & sexual abuse . 
this is what we want to see followed by the right actions  check out in response to the many women who tweeted : 
just wondering does the world now understand why so many women are so defiant determined passionate and rebellious ! the movement let us tell our stories and if you just listen you will know why .
did you know he sought counseling ? and that it was consensual relations over  years ago . get over yourself blame those who continue to do it . instant  message a and know the difference
dis entangling merit from opportunity isn t an exercise that white men from fancy schools are encouraged to undertake . hats off to for taking forward in a unique and heart  - felt way 
in a world & time when women have shouted out you just gave each one of us female !  you are an amazing man . thank you from the bottom of my heart .
the subject being addressed is helping me breathe easier . a fb post today reminded me there are boys & men also .
this isn t just hollywood folks . this has been happening to women ( and men ) all over this country ( and most others i assume ) forever . and more than once for most women i know . 
i was sexually assaulted as a little girl in much the same way he described on the access hollywood tape . can t believe he s
instant  message tired of countless politicians & civilians saying they don 't know survivors . it s an epidemic . know it to eradicate it 
there is research showing that police get caught in an act of sexual violence every five days ! and of course that is just those that get caught .  - citing via
i love how all women are sharing this . it only takes one woman to talk so the rest of the world listen .
with gratitude for everyone raising hands and telling stories :  .  standing against sexual violence !
i d like to tweet the words yelled during my most recent experience w sexual harassment but don 't want to get kicked off twitter
wow . huge to nest lancashire for new toolkit to help end cse  - child sexual exploitation mh professionals especially in alabama check out new toolkit 
instant  message an ordinary woman . i used the several weeks ago a long with many other ordinary women . i don 't understand this specific issue 
in light of campaign for sexually assaulted women i believe i will do my part in telling supporting 
almost every woman i know myself included has a story . if anyone reading this needs to talk feel free to deathmatch me .
join us to talk recent news on sexual harassment in hollywood & the posts . check it out and rsvp !
every i read makes me rage for times i felt i needed to remain silent to survive & times my cries for help were met w / indifference .
got people opening up & telling their stories i too have a story but i doubt i ll ever be ready to speak about it
it seems we would rather focus on over inflated sentences for minor charges not building a culture of rehabilitation for those currently within the system and shushing women instead of addressing issues than prosecuting these predators .
every time i walk down the street alone i pretend instant  message on the phone and keep my key between my fingers .
one of my biggest regrets is not raising the alarm when i was an intern & harrassed by a staff member . i later found out that man made a habit of sexually harrassing interns  - it wasn t just me ( like i thought at the time ) 
i don 't know of any woman today or  years ago that hasn t been sexually harassed or cat called inappropriately .
coaches with weinstein  - size power have faced few legal consequences in the olympic movement . see solutions ! 
whether in the home or the workplace . making jokes about women is not funny & it s not okay . so today i stand with those who say
if all the women who  ve been sexually harass e tweeted we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if all women who have been sexually harass e tweeted this we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
now is the time to make change for all women in the united states . i set a precedent in my state for women . i have a story to tell .
this is an absolute travesty . i recall hearing of this last year . instant  message sickened . my heart goes to this brave young woman .
when people share stories of sexual harassment and instant  message like oh shit and when i was  .
sadly some people need to be reminded that teens can t consent to sex with an adult . you need to talk to your kids .
hey so how are we coping with this confusing post  - environment ? i feel empowered and have told a few very close people my story .  /
this hashtag is powerful . it  s beautiful yet also incredibly disheartening to see these women come together . stay strong ladies
lots of brave women on my tls today .  and just as many who i imagine don 't feel like they can speak up . it s never the victims fault .
i can  t say it out loud bec i am not mentally ready to share it on social media but i stand with all sexual assault victims .
please reach out to people . find a group . try therapy . and know that i  m always here for you if you need me to be .
eye opener for men ( i guess ) on the intimate experiences of abuse women face everyday at the hands of men . 
- my story sounds like so many others i  have seen on my tough  luck . this movement makes me wonder what effect mass  - sharing will have .   /
instant  message over the movement . basically these high profile celebrities sold their self for fame . they had a chance choose & they did .
rt !  you can be a backers of this project please donate for this story to be told to the world go to the link : 
in the vein of i guess  -  - instant  message thinking about how upset i got over blade runner and the narrative that i had to do more work to get it
yes . hopefully today  s activism encourages victims to report the crime closer to real  - time so we can stop pedophilia .
we all have a story or two . instant  message proud of aly raisman for having the courage to tell hers .
to the boss who told me to never expect to move up under him  - he promoted men . to the frat boy who pulled the stop button on that elevator and wouldn  t let me get at it until i made good on my  come on s 
people liking my tweet women all over the world tweeting and you still don 't see what you said wasn t okay ? dear god
instant  message looking for someone doing interviews and gathering stories for an investigative report related to the movement .
: went public with my experience of sexual abuse & violence in my book for same reasons as this imp campaign 
even though i have mixed feelings about having to recall those awful times every time i see someone else saying
sexual harassment is not normal or okay  & it is certainly not something that only happens to women . we need to talk about it .
the first time that i recall i was  & i chose to wear a cute skirt i loved & i was whistled at by an old man in a parking lot .
if the campaign is a trigger for you please seek help and comfort from friends family or other support .
yes ; will do .  however instant  message still wondering .  did you give credit to the black woman who started the movement ? askn for black women .
i still believe that movement is missing the second half of society s voices . i invite men to help us understand where they come from .
latest example : guy just slid into my dms asking me personal sexual questions . i told him that it was none of his business .
i personally don 't feel comfortable saying in a place where family and a bunch of people i used to know exist on  -
this friday night : raise money for voter education while learning from houston women in film television and media 
please read this thread . take action at . and don 't leave women in military out of the conversation 
but why ? !  because you  reply leading a movement against male monsters who try to pass as humans ? !
i hope he runs . and folks disrupt his events with me too anita hill and trust black women signs .
was sexually assaulted as a teen by  neighbor boys both a few years older than i . never told anyone because i didn  t think they  d believe me
professional help doesn t help that much . it helps some . but they can t change the past and can t remove your knowledge that the world is full of monsters and enablers and assholes .
it s time to add to because yeah . what   ever all been there . i  have got stories that my dude friends would be disgusted by . i ll start with one
i was on facebook and i saw my aunt post and it honestly broke me . one of my role models has faced sexual assaul
i was not raped but it still triggers an angry reaction whenever i hear him speak . abusive men in power are not acceptable . 
proud of all the brave strong courageous women who have spoken out and holding in my heart those who can t . we stand together . 
i have been lucky . i do not have a lot to write about . what i do have i don 't want online . i support and thank the women who shared . 
it isn  t something i want to talk about but hopefully others will feel safer if they see how many people are standing beside them .
we hear you we believe you and ready to fight a culture with you where sexual harassment and assault has been hushed for too long
mercer s know that the twitter has really outed sexual predators and people aren t going to let it go even if they have money . 
1 in 6 | support for male survivors of sexual abuse or assault . at least  in  men have been abused .
at the female lead in the wind is raped . arthur pain  in the ass is quoted to say the story did not have the  male dom  - i nance  of traditional westerns and it s outcome was  empowering  what is empowering about a murder following rape ?
the campaign has really shaken me . i think instant  message like most men in that i really didn t understand how under reported sexual assault is
i used to walk to the gym and half the time i would get cat called by people driving by . always felt like i was on display
seeing criticism of from  ) men s rights idiots and  ) radical trans activists who think it s computer  information  science  - norm ativ  \  _ (  )
: age   - it started with a flasher exposing his privates then being groped in crowded places adult  - verbal harassment at work
i wouldn  t be surprised if there isn  t a woman my age or older who hasn  t been sexually harassed by a man ! i also believe all the women in 
in light of is hosting an honest conversation reply : the & violence against women tomorrow join for worship
these mother f*ckers  have been getting away with violating women for hundreds of years with these lame ass excuses . belongs in f*c king  prison . forever ! 
harassment begins where respect ends : i didn t hire you for your thoughts . let s get that clear . you re just here to look pretty .
read article in she discusses the depth of the movement and the art of overcoming adversity . her new book super normal is on shelves today !
the reason why i wear headphones outside everyday blaring music : so i won t hear the sexual harassment from random strangers everyday
breaking : former joe biden secret service agent : we had to protect women from him  weinstein level stuff   - 
if all women who ve been sexually harass e wrote as their status the red be a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
it happens everywhere even at places you expect to be safe . to every story of harassment and not being believed be aware be brave .
powerful story from a dear friend : i accepted blame was drunk at the time that equaled responsible .  
because more than half of my female friends have shared stories of sexual abusers .  is too many . we need to do better .
. founder of campaign asks crowd for their support in this fight long after hashtag dies down  be i cobo center
this is a big problem : anti  - harassment laws don 't protect independent contractors including hollywood actors
when i tell folks how instant  message treated as an american woman in the ( even w . a teaching award ) no one is surprised
you  reply right my twitter picture does have a lot of ass cheek in it but that  s not an invitation to make unwanted sexual advances .
when women cannot be alone around a stranger who is male . not in their home in the store on the street at a party in a car .
the major crux to issue is that the victim did not want to escalate the case . hard to push charges when the victim doesn t want to follow up . so only so much you can do . 
i promise to do my part to help eradicate abuse harassment sexism rape culture patriarchy and everything else that exposes  /
want   to know why people don 't always report harassment ? this . they tell bosses & hour nothing happens . for years . 
please stop and think before criticizing any male response to some men are trying their damn est to be supportive .  /
. on roy moore : if these allegations are true he must step aside . what you should be saying . don 't you believe these women ? wapo had  sources . 
i totally take your point but the problem is that women denial  of  normal  t get justice via the courts 
if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem
flirty grabby dirty old men :  you  reply supposed to laugh  act grateful even  for the attention .   via
it is more common than you think and most women wait years to tell someone  - it took me  years before i said a word
if you want to know a fraction of our stories in a tangible way listen to the weinstein tape and tell me this isn t real .
i honestly don 't know a single female human over the age of  who has not been sexually harassed but for the sake of demonstration
the amount of i  m seeing is heartbreaking but not surprising . every woman has a story . it  s time to start listening .
is an important moment for us to really listen to something women have unfortunately already been telling us for ages
a local woman says her winthrop high sch teacher repeatedly raped her . encouraged by she tells me her story only on at
a man s response to .  eloquent [ cop to share ]  dear men if you ve been on social media today .
to stay silent leads to lack of consequences & embolden ment by perpetrators . thank you for the platform to share my story 
remember yeah well then you all went and elected a sexual assailant president of the most powerful country on earth .
this is how i feel everyday . so many women have been harassed over the years and we are finally talking about it . opinion | brave enough to be angry
the latest sexual harassment allegations from  - details never before released to the public . we need real reform .
the number of people using is both horrific and empowering . i  m not yet strong enough to share my story but thank god for you all .
the trending hashtag inspired victims of sexual harassment and sexual assault to step forward
look we can t consent ! we don 't understand that because it may feel good that we still didn t consent . we hold on to the pain & think because they may be good people now that it s our fault . it s not our fault . # 
i was even verbally harassed in the park by boys  + years younger than me . my son will grow and know how wrong that behaviour is
thank you we have stayed silent for to long . time to rise up expose and change . together we are stronger
there is strength in numbers . every woman on earth has or will be sexually harassed or assaulted at some point .  many times
multiple times . harassed at work assaulted at noon in a parking garage uncomfortable instances of needing to look for an escape .
men can post many of them have been sexual harassed or assaulted . ladies please support them for having .
instant  message sure . has a story or  or  . i can tell she gets annoyed when she reports these weinstein stories .
i have never been sexually assaulted . i was however once put in fear for my life so a man could tell me he liked my smile .
just horrified at the flood of allegations and reports on my tough  luck . it s crazy ! men you got   to do better .
feeling very cynical right now reply the computer  information  science  - men in my life posting about
alyssa milano launches twitter hashtag to raise sexual assault awareness  1  0  6  6 live
so again a decade old by a black woman still no talk of victim support still no actual steps of reconciliation to b w
it  s absolutely disgusting . so many issues with that comment . this is why people need to see the tag and get educated !
everyday as a survivor having to to see and hear about that smug sexual predator pig trump and his shenanigans is traumatizing .
please provide proof of sexual assault . and please explain how rich men don 't have an advantage with beautiful women .
not this time a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
i know most men are great . but when i meet you i don 't know if you re one of the good ones or someone to fear . that s a problem
friends ! tomorrow at  instant  message doing a twitter chat w / about can i please have my  characters now ? 
so fucking upset so many women going through the same shit . abusive strangers and abusive relationships . please bring an end to this !
hard to say because it s not like instant  message in any way shocked by  - but possibly  this is a point beyond which men can t not know ?
i shared my story a long with two other coworkers . everyone should feel respected and safe at work . 
i  have come to realize i  have accepted this behavior as an expected norm my entire life . it s time for that to change . (
why are there male girl scout leaders ? shouldn t it be about strong women role models & a safe space for girls ? yuck !
let s be as clear as possible : trying to force someone to tolerate or accept homosexuality is absolutely sexual harrassment . 
i  have been stalked groped by random men in public sexual harassed and threatened with sexual violence .
instant  message glad that  is finally the moment of fuck yeah we believe women .
at a water park . a grown man touched me and my little sister . and that  s not the only time something happened .
stories can happen in maternity units too . when busy female staff denial  of  normal  t pay enough heed and care they assault their patients .
so many people in my life who were assaulted plus my own experiences i became a volun tr rape crisis counselor . learned how bad it is .
because women are blamed for what happens to them . always . i lost my friends and the ability to go to a place i love . i did nothing
i  have had my ass grabbed in crowded bars more times than i can even remember . most of the men laughed when i got angry .
twice violently and multiple small instances of abuse and assault . i am living as a survivor since i was  years old .
i was sexually assaulted at work more than once my lawyer was able to help until union worked it s magic to deny us justice .
this number is higher than the people tweeting the hashtag . not all women choose to speak out . believe women
not very wide range of reaction here .  just a big fat the wide range of reactions that come from a society that ignores and even condones sexual abuse and violence against women are much more worth considering
the land of  hush woman ! you  ll bring disgrace on our house ! nobody will want you ! he  s a godly man !  and then the women gather to share generations of stories of abuse .
the campaign is incredible . hopefully people will start to get a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
instant  message sorry to hear that you ve gone through such sickening experiences . prayers for your strength . 
the world of the un climate talks is a sexist one too . an ex  - negotiator tells her story . share 
don 't forget all the women who can t post because they don 't want their children to learn of their assault on social media .
all this comment on the post did is make me & probably other women relive that incident and wonder where did i went wrong that day ?
so we are not to call out our brethren ? let  s see what the bible says about that .  matthew   corinthians  luke  :  .  i could go on . nothing about  after  years let it pass  . and you seem to ignore how this times with the campaign not just an election .
seems there are a lot of in the white house congresswoman says at least  members of congress are sexual harassers : via
ex boyfriend of  years navy recruiter  1 stop  that class petty office federal government co  - worker and harassed by men on street
then i can t help you . just about every women i know in all walks of life has been sexually harassed or abused . your living in denial .
should not be given a special pass to keep letting assault and rape run rampant ! hip hop 
in some way does put the on us back on victims to educate those who per per tate harrassment violence assault against them ?
rt as people share their stories a reminder that jesus shares in our pain and offers healing 
attention men : just because instant  message walking down the sidewalk with my friends does not mean that you can grab my ass unsolicited .
incredible to see the amount of men  outraged by this measure . very proud of my city one step towards feeling safer .
for anyone who has a story  - i am willing to listen and i will believe you . it s so hard but it helps to talk about it . retweet it could help anyone .
here we go .  . all will fall in coming year . good prevails . few men want this hell  - o may it change can we have a new game 
the wall has shattered . shows we love now have a dark cloud . i thought how can i watch now and support him . but i support you and her and she . all the woman who had to live in fear . i will always support you .
been mind raped for years by a dark insidious pedophile ring and people think it s not real cause i have a mental condition
excellent interview on abc  - television ! movement important ! instant  message writing a new book  - like to contribute ?
i  d like to hear from men how you are holding yourselves accountable and undoing this toxic culture that hurts us all . please comment .
coming up : more accusations against more men in power this week . are we in a moment of cultural change ?
i love how your campaign eventually got for his ( alleged ) evil deeds . but you and take i would be among the first to say we should always trust the accuser right ?
survivor of multiple perpetrators . i know millions struggle with this reality . would love to share my story as your guest .
bush clinton trump see the pattern here ? men of power getting away with abuse 
wow . woody allen stop already . also probably best not to use the word witch hunt after claiming to fight for women s rights 
dear police routinely beat rape and torture people right outside your lovely offices in then silence victims
strolling the streets of paris some loser decides to flash his ugly naked body .  unwanted sexual behavior . the memory is disgusting 
unfortunately men will never know the feeling when a whole group of guys ignore your opinion and just talk over you
to those coming forth through see you . i hear you . i love you . i believe you . sexual assault and harassment has not place here .
important : a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
but girl : i see you i believe you and i send you all my . it s not surprising but it breaks my heart to see every friend post
for a woman in this world it s close to  you've been touched kissed groped consent . you re lucky if that s all . instant  message lucky .
exposed will lyin gloria all red give victims a voice ? time bill & hillary s victims status  
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break 
that you re not alone . that i know how you feel ; that you re not mad or bad or shameful . you deserved better . you deserve love
in  girls under  experience sexual abuse or assault . the campaign is needed because it happens too often . let s change this now !
so powerful . so important . you are the calm in the storm . as your dad told you you will help save someone s life ! 
in today s age of social media survivors can tell their own story which adds a powerful element to the campaign . no editors or producers are cutting or piecing together a story .
if all the women who have been sexually harass e write it we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
you were totally in the wrong .  i  ve been there . i was raped by a stranger at  assault e many times . see my latest on my page .
me too if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote it as a status people a sense of the magnitude of this .
i was sexually abused when i was in kindergarden i guess instant  message kind   of lucky that i have no memory of it . it was a next door neighboor
increasing allegations and the campaign show need for better workplace culture surrounding sexual harassment .
alyssa milano urged any women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted to write two words on twitter :
college professors bosses lobbyists state senators even a cousin . roughly  out of every  men i met before i was  .
exactly . stop using to piggy back feminism . it totally reduces this issue to something else . many boys and men are assaulted .
can men please start responding with a commitment to ( a ) self  - reflection & ( b ) challenging their male friends & colleagues behaviour ?
if a man says no it s the same as a woman saying no . we don 't owe you sex and for the record it hurts like hell when it s forced .
men around the world we need to acknowledge how deep institutional ized misogyny is ingrained in society . we cannot stay silent .
parents : do you know if your child has been or is being sexually exploited ? recognize the signs make american children safe
if all the people who have been sexually assaulted or harassed wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the problem .
. lawmakers ask roy moore to step aside if sexual allegations are true
if people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
me too . if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted posted people might understand the magnitude of the issue .
a man posted this a few days ago after the stories . best i  ve seen . this man gets it . so listen to him too .
my s hero wi congresswoman  i forced myself to survive so that next little girl or woman would t have to feel alone . 
my current event is about and my story and instant  message honestly scared to turn it into my teacher .
on at  : woman says teacher raped her  4  0 years ago but she was ashamed to report it . encouraged by she tells us her story .
why i hate red carpets : i noticed the male photographers trying to take butt or crotch shots of the pr people .
pumping gas at  and harassed by a particularly gross man this morning . instant  message wearing an orange coat and jeans . would you like to talk to me about how i was asking for it ?
various scenarios from teen years through today in late   s . i denial  of  normal  t want to elaborate further but it  s good to see this support .
so sick of those sending hate at her . read the trending comments . these are common misconceptions why women do not come forward .
it is so painful to see the wave of marching across my screen  - wish i could do more but instant  message here to listen support and advocate .
i still get terrified when i think about the man that followed me home in his car while talking sexually out his window . it was noon
maybe this is why we denial  of  normal  t believe women . if their experience is true we can  t stand to see our role in it . 
tfw a man wants more details about because women should show their pain and not be afraid to be called cry babies
if all the females who have been sexually harassed or assaulted post this perhaps we d get some idea of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted write me too as a status we will see the magnitude of the problem .
my  1 stop  that husband abused me on many levels . i  ve been assaulted by dates and bosses and was raped at  . teach men  keep dicks in pants
i haven t walked alone in minneapolis in a long time & today was wearing a full face of belle makeup .  the audacity of some men !
if all the women who have been sexually harass e wrote  me too  as a status people will sense the magnitude of the problem
it s even worse because instant  message trans & they could tell . safe to assume they weren t following me to ask me out for a lovely evening .
has definitely opened up things about people that make me want to comfort them with a hug . no one deserves to be violated .
still embarrassed : senior officer in office lift just before christmas swooped down ( instant  message short ) to plant kiss moved so caught cheek
non  - story ! is akin to trump there was no accusation till he ran . he is not who had a history . do not even believe a  1  4 year old who stayed silent through  +  statewide races .
non  - story ! is akin to trump there was no accusation till he ran . he is not who had a history . do not believe a  1  4 year old who stayed silent through  +  statewide races .
if all the people who have been sexually harassed wrote as a status people might get a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
is trending as people on social media testified that they have been raped sexually assaulted & targeted with sexual harassment .
though my story doesn  t compare to the more traumatic ones shared on this tag i have experienced enough to know understand & feel
who posted dirty jokes outside their offices whose subject matter were teenage girls . these were men who had daughters . my
really hoping the girl who told me my assault was my fault and i was a burden didn t tweet yesterday
beautiful angle about written by a mom . highlights need to tell all stories break our silence 
scrolling down my timeline and i got angry every time i saw sexual encounter in the headline . do better . call it what it is sexual assault .
some say women are using to get attention . raise your hand if you  ve ever heard :  if you tell you  ll never work again .  or worse .
being assaulted gave me nightmares . flashbacks . inability to connect with friends . problems in my relationships . it s hard to feel safe
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the magni 
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense
what s worse is that she used issues to whip up this frenzy in low self esteem victimized women who are ignorant of her anti  - usa bullshit .
two nights ago i debated with someone about whether or not anything would actually come of the weinstein revelations and campaign . yesterday the new york times published this . 
as a child and as an adult . those are memories that i do not want but instant  message faced with them every day when i see 
been groped had unwanted obscene comments when followed home etc . i know & both can suffer harassment it needs to stop
several men have exposed themselves to my friends and i walking to school as children . come talk to me lost dog etc .
this is it this is the moment it happens is something women think all the time . at night . in cabs . walking alone . in a stairwell .
if all the women who have been sexually assaulted wrote me too . as a status people may understand the magnitude of the problem .
mckayla maroney shares her story says she was sexually abused by usa gymnastics doctor larry nassar .
hey erica ! this is mike at boston  news . were working on a story about the campaign tonight . would you want to talk with us ?
you know what s messed up ? i didn t think it was a big deal . i laughed about it the next day & then moved on . triggered my memory .
the twitterverse sends a powerful message about sexual assault and harassment . don 't be afraid to speak up and get help . 
absolutely knows what he is talking about . he s the bravest . we definitely support him we know perceptions laws & more need  b changed . now .
me too . if all women who ve been sexually harass e wrote me too as a status people might see magnitude of problem .
once a man removed his condom hoping i wouldn t notice . i felt ashamed + like it wasn t bad enough to count as sex assault . it was .
if all the women who  ve been sexually harass e posted we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
it was a very long time back . i  have moved on obviously but the memory remains . it makes me feel sad about other children .
please read this . you ve enjoyed him from top gun to e . r . .  take a minute to see how the movement inspired him to come forward . 
because today i had a truly terrifying experience telling a man he was making me uncomfortable and i didn  t know how he would react .
most people never heard of homework . i don 't think it would of been as big without the help . bill is much more a public figure .
i think part of what the movement has done is allowed mourning for experiences we shoved to back of our minds . a real sadness in air .
let us also give credit where credit is due : to the black woman who started in  real  life before there were hashtags  
instant  message glad you re okay your mom sounds awesome . i truly do understand .
women shouldn  t have to live in fear of being sexually harass e at work walking down the street or being anywhere alone .
included in this story is pittsburgh s who shared a raw and open look at her experiences on social media . 
first time  when i was dead asleep and woke up to a man forcing himself on me . too scared to fight apparently no wasn t enough .
so i didn t post a on fb but of course i  have been sexually harassed . i honestly don 't know any woman who hasn t been at some point .
. provides a powerful look into how victims of sexual harassment and assault are coming forward in the campaign 
if you can t then don 't . it s okay . only if and when you re ready . just know that you re loved you re supported and if the time comes that you feel you can you will be believed .
if it took every woma you know saying for you to care about sexual assault you are part of the problem .  person is too many
part of the problem is that we as men denial  of  normal  t understand how broad sexual harassment really is .
seeing and sharing stories of assault can be reply  - traumatizing . eroc has resources for survivors & loved ones : 
no details it was an uncle who has grown children who denial  of  normal  t know . he  s dead now and they shouldn  t find out from me .
what can data science tell us about tweets with the hashtag ? this text  - mining analysis by gives us some interesting insights into the spread of this movement .
millions of women are posting stories of sex abuse with the hashtag i hope this time it s different .
as  in london an old man got into my cab & tried to abduct me . told driver we were family as he pulled up porn on his phone
it s still hard but instant  message gaining my roar boundaries & the woman god created me to be at  year old . proof this shit can last years .
a colleague asked me to decide if i want to be a woman or a journalist when i came back from the field after being molested by a mob
hey guys . you   all know we track you   all right ? you   all know survivors are in group messages and fb chats warning each other about you   all right ?
when i was young and now that instant  message not . skinny pudgy or fat . w / my friends or my children . at school work or a bar .
but sitting here agonizing over whether my character and abilities will get trashed if i speak up and doors closed that might have been opened just doesn  t feel tolerable not anymore . sarah manning on sexism in jazz 
me too . if you  ve been the victim of rape abuse or sexual harassment please tweet this . we are done . it  s not okay .
we talk about women being raped not men raping women . meet the man behind the viral quote
this ! i know that allowed it watched it & either stayed silent or were bought to keep their mouths shut . actual friends .
hugs . thanks . i think this social media campaign is healthy . it shows everyone that there r so many of us affected by
we need the men out there to speak up in solidarity . when you see the women in your life saying it s time for you to say 
if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted write me too maybe we will get a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
news : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
girlfriend i have no idea how what   ever survived this life . all i wanted to do is love people with a pure heart laugh and have fun .
whether i was a teen in college or staff men still felt the need to yell & grab because i should be lucky to have the attention
if all the women who have been sexually harassed put as a status we might give people the magnitude of the problem . to both
what men don 't understand is that guys are always trying to get us alone before acting . they aren t going to within your vie
the first time i was assaulted was in college when a professor said hello by giving me a kiss and putting his hand in my lower back .
again .  this is awful horrible & ice needs  reverse this ! however instant  message still askn did u give black woman credit
i was sexually harassed at my old job reported it and nothing was done . i was told to stop being so sensitive .
tonight in a taxi while traveling alone in a city away from home he turned up volume on sexual healing & asked if he was scaring
will much be done to listen to or protect women ? will they be taken seriously ? fuck no . get real . it s trendy now to feign caring .
stop  that paul s girls school in london at centre of sexual abuse claims  [ oh the irony ! contact ex  - pupils about workplace abuse and hear about abuse at the school !
even that guy ? why is it that many refer to mm every time the talk is about rose ? to  be  honest this whole me too campaign has taking a wrong turn ( my opinion ) but why mix mm into it
to  men would proposition disgusting things and scare me when i worked alone . i told my dad he threatened them . it stopped .
alyssa milano  s call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral
alyssa milano  s call for sexual abuse victims to come forward goes viral 
ladies if all who have been sexually assault e set their status as  me too  the world might see how big the problem is .
millions of women come forward on social media using to tell their stories of sexual assault and harassment |
still coming  2 terms assault i blame myself thinking of all the things i could ve done to avoid it . never told anyone . it s been  7 years
if all the people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote this status we might give people a sense of the magnitude
instant  message more concerned about survivors who have been holding shame for years  - tamara burke created me too movement more than  years ago
the whole time instant  message trying to back ou run over his foot ( he s that close to my car luckily doesn t touch me )
good god how fucking sick are these guys ?  women we are kicking some ass and we need to not let up ! and bring down the unsafe patriarch !
my favorite things in life don 't cost any money . it s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time .  - steve jobs
i think part of that is avoidance because it s overwhelming . but i also know that abuse thrives on secrecy . so instant  message going to tweet .
we aren t tattle telling we are damn ( everyday ) battles just like we did right then you ? go ahead instant  message listening
or when i didn t take someone home and they threatened me and repeatedly harassed via text and next day asked why i was mad .
the movement is important and often pushed aside in the lds community you are loved . you are worthy of love . it  s not your fault .
fast forward . mid  -  3  0 s . therapy . lots of it . realised instant  message not a terrible person . that i did not deserve what was done to me
oh i do believe there will be a shift . but i fear there are so many more hidden secrets that will be used to protect others . i know that this is just the beginning in every occupation . the movement is very powerful !
exactly . i have been sexually harassed through out my life on several jobs . but for the sake of having a job i had to deal with it . 
quick reminder that young boys in have experienced at the hands of powerful men . they are welcome in
hey child sexual predators have no place in the senate . withdraw $$ and support for roy moore ! via
no one wants to hear these stories . but they happen . it s time to speak up . f . e . a . r . ( face everything and rise )
to the people tweeting under the hashtag . i apologize . it wasn  t your fault you didn  t deserve this . hit  me  up if you feel like talking
if all the women who  ve been sexually harass e wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
me either . my story about drunk friend ? i don 't place that in me too category . i think some are saying reverse situation proves both ways .
2 of 2 . i was a very naive  year  old . this has stayed in my mind for  years . that s why woman wait so long to come forward . i feel better
campaigns repercussions have been huge . so many people coming forward about their experiences . crucial to fighting rape culture !
thank you to the women and men posting i see you and hear you . i  m heartbroken that this happened and awed by your courage to share .
were going to see a huge shift in the industry . i feel it . reports as part of our coverage :
in the light of i d hope that television theatre and film might think about the stories it wants to tell and the kind of experiences it wants to reflect .
yep even the graduate +  2 think anne bancroft played the roll of the woman who bullied him right out loud in the film knows no gender 
as long as the dialogue against rape not a dress the character of entitlement in patriarchy rape will continue be prevalent
oh my  god instant  message not sure if there s really someone outside my window or if instant  message just that high
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote  me too .  we might give people a sense of the magnitude .
years . ago a man i didn  t know ( and hadn  t even spoken to ) stuck his hand down my pants and grabbed my underwear twice .
are men taking over the narrative ? hollywood actors speak of rampant problem of male abusers targeting men 
i almost got deep into my post but i didn t want to think about how often i d been sexually harrassed at since i started working
today the  me too survivors  march  is bringing in  real  life to the streets of los angeles . 
so frequently that i don 't get angry any more but i do take any opportunity to change one heart one mind one step at a time .
( love everyone who participated in & i want you all to know that there are people making real changes because of this movement .
pity no one can check to see if she was part of in  the  dark be interesting to know if she talked then . has she told anyone at all ? before now ?
i was sexually assaulted multiple times as a kid . moms boyfriends . one of my step father s . one boyfriend . i still have scars .
i think it is important for everybody to take note of the magnitude of this situation . do better humanity .
if standing up won t help the harassed and could hurt you what s the point ? the compact of silence makes good people complicit .
too many tales to tell . also most of my female friends several family members colleagues i know of . it s everywhere people . seriously .
in conversation with male coworkers i  m asked  do you know ( porn star name ) .  to which i reply  no what dept is she in ? 
to collect local data on gender  - based harassment that will guide city wide non  - criminal solutions . 
hillary clinton shames all decent women who fight the good fight for equality & against sexual predators . 
good for you for standing up against this horrific crime . know that you are supported and loved by many ! proud of you !
does official erase trump s victims pain . no they are over looked but victimized & need support like all of you ! rt 
trump our president : sexual assault charges filed : long history of sexual harrassment  
also try saying you are on your period or you have an sexually  transmitted  disease . doing something totally batshit crazy might help too . 
retweeted drudge report ( thousands join hollywood march against sexual abuse .
why don 't i count ? i ask myself this over and over . instant  message not important enough or valued on a human level . don 't dare say different .
however people are only dealing with harrassment . cannot handle rape by much loved celebrities like neil tyson and others from science communities and professors . 
however people are only dealing with harrassment . cannot handle rape by much loved celebrities like neil tyson and others from science communities and professors .  
i know this is going to really upset certain demographics but the fact is no ones addressing the other elephant in the room . 
rt huffpostwomen : watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give a sense of the of the problem .
my support goes out to all the ladies telling their stories on may you transform from the experience and grow into a stronger version of yourself .
me too if all the women who have been sexually harassed wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if women who have been sexually harass e post me too . we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
it is so true . just wish it was easier for people to speak up and not wait till it happens t okay so many for years . been  years &
this has been life in america for women as long as i  ve been around and i  m pretty old . can  t count the number of times .
a guy i work with just legitimised sexually assualt ing a woman in his younger years by saying she was too gorgeous for him to resist and if she was here today he d do it again . yet he doesn t see the problem .
a teen girl assaulted me as a  3 year  old . years later on my way home after my  1 stop  that day of kindergarten by a man . period .
the blatantly ignorant dismissive ness of this is bad enough but to like n it to that ?  - disgusting . is real . it is an and needs to be taken seriously !   of all us women will be raped in their lifetimes ! not okay .
riding my bike at  years old a man stopped his car opened his door & flashed me . this still effects my love life  years later .
a coworker old enough to be my dad told me you should thank your mom for that nice rack . management did nothing .
i  have been cat called by boys under  years old . children are being taught how to harass women on the street . let that sink in .
it is heartbreaking to hear all these stories but i hope that this national conversation continues with action . it s about time .
instant  message a woman who s been to a bar and for that matter who s walked down the fucking street so yeah
i wasn  t going to post  - kept telling myself so many other women had it worse  - it wasn t that bad but again that s part of the issue
i wish i could like every single post because it makes me so sad and these women deserve nothing but love and support
 new post on & what can we do ? parent   looking read comment & share ! v need to talk more on this issue !
drugged & sexually assaulted by a friend . countless unwanted advances including touching texts verbal remarks .
because we can t even go to work in the morning without a man reaching his hand all the way up our skirt in a packed subway car .
richard s odder s is one the reasons instant  message saying the school believed professor even though staff & other students witnessed at the theatre dept
harvey weinstein isn t alone in losing his job over sexual misconduct thanks in part to the movement .  
unpopular opinion : has opened the door for a lot of false accusations & for many innocent men to be slandered with no evidence
do you hear how often how many people are sexually assaulted ? the train you get on the place you work the gym grocery church
always taught my son to respect women and their boundaries . sadly had to teach daughter how to protect self from this .
i may not be in the society of sexual assault survivors but i think you re strong . i hope this can help someone .
i know what you re trying to say but you re using dangerous language . is giving us the opportunity to correct the way we discuss this
i stand by anyone supporting and sharing the cause . while the most that happened to me was some light catcalling i know worse .
listen up assholes because i  have let this campaign go explicitly un dragged far too long ( thread and be warned there is abuse ahead )
men denial  of  normal  t excuse abuse . they take action against it . find out how at
here  s what i learned from my wife sister & friends today : to be female in  is to have been harassed or assaulted . i  m your ally
sexual harassment | women are sharing their stories using the hashtag ; read one woman s post at  via
so clear that our system is rigged in favor of ugly sexist bigoted fat stupid rich white men
beware the long reach of  note : men rules of engagement are changing . act accordingly . or risk everything .
but i don 't want to go public on my non  - anonymous account . am i downplaying the scale of the problem ? am i letting the team down ?
the men do put feelers out . like when a group of travel agents decided to go to tijuana to see a live lesbian sex show .
women of face world : want to share your story ? let s amplify this moment and the voices of everyone who has .
hollywood chaperone for audition proceed ure s means we don 't set up meetings to get to know you better . see the work do a play
i was sexually abused as a small child and gang  - raped as an adult . it s not unusual for childhood victims to b re victimized .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give the magnitude of the problem
i believe women . i believe children . i believe the millions of people who deserve to be believed and deserve to heal their souls . i believe we adults need to get ourselves together to prevent the next generation of stories from repeating in an endless loop . 
i  m late but because being coerced into doing things you denial  of  normal  t want is assault and so is grabbing me when i fucking tell you not to
i look forward to reading i was also abused my my mom and a male relative . again as a model . instant  message 
explain why you are moving ? your gun isn t making you feel safe from threats ? how is this related to the movement ?
it s terrifying to know that on the other side of every status there is ( at least ) one culpable man who probably got away with it .
top story : today in tech innovation .  hashtag shared by alyssa milano   see more 
then i realized i had a hollywood story of  - with a very married producer that was so far out of line i will post this weekend .
that time i was asked to hold out my hand so the male exec could smack it because he wasn t happy w / the phone message i took for him
how about every man who s sexually harass e someone or witness e about such an event and done nothing posts me too ?
i think might find it interesting to hear about the time i was in a long skirt and winter coat and got asked how much ?
but for every there are  animals & sometimes instant  message so grateful i won t have to raise an innocent child in this sick world .
need more women in positions of power ! have you noticed there s never been  men accusing a woman of sexual harassment ?
watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together :  sometimes 
. i said stop instant  message not ready . i don 't want to ! he said take your pants off now ! consent was not given . i hate him .
it  s time for me to speak up . i let it go for too long . even when i knew it was wrong i shut my mouth . not anymore .
haven t taken the subway alone late at night ever since . love to those suffering both aloud & in silence . you + your stories matter
i have several young female students every semester who are sexually assaulted on or near campus . assaults range from groping to rape
my heart breaks for all of those who are posting the posts instant  message seeing .  my prayers for healing and .
because no matter how outspoken and take  - no  - bullshit you are when a grown man oh so casually sexually harasses you in the workplace you can be at a total loss for words .
instant  message doing a story on the impact of if you re in tampa and have a personal experience you re comfortable sharing could you deathmatch me ?
all women sexually harassed or assaulted use so people can see magnitude of the problem . this behavior must .
i  have got thoughts  - instant  message not  a fan of because it forces survivors to either out themselves or deal w / emotions about saying nothing
for all of us who were affected by someone who damn well should have known better and who instant  message glad to say pay for it ( eventually ) .
time to move from awareness to action harvey weinstein  s fall opens the floodgates in hollywood
those of us who are over  and employed recognize the ploy of asking for training when caught breaking the rules .  instant  message so tired
i don 't think i know a woman or a girl who could say they feel  safe and haven t personally experiences that has to change .
we have to guard against the twin evils of lynch mobs being manipulated by the vindictive and predatory monsters hiding behind the inevitable backlash who will then survive to molest another day . is too important to be hijacked by these
instant  message working on a story for the and would love to talk to some of you brave women stepping forward .
reading : over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims
the cost for men when they are caught .  is far worse than any consequence an accuser or even a court of law can bring . 
men invading ladies space are not some alien species . it s the guy next door brother dad teacher even you sanity begins with you
women take to social media to share stories of sexual assault and harassment
while we  reply on the subject can upgrade our language and start calling any female over the age of   ? a woman instead of a girl ?
it s going to be painful while it s all brought to life but the journey will hopefully save someone from that hashtag in the future .
i will no longer be silent as i protect my daughter . it  s time to speak up before the next generation is assaulted . 
because this can  t not stand any longer . we must do better . amazing courage from the women posting . my heart is sad .
i met my  1 stop  that husband . i was  . i didn t know what love looked like . he was abusive  - verbally emotionally mentally physically
movement gave women the courage to speak so happy you have women  s backs . god bless you i think you have been
when i see stories in the news of female teachers preying on underage male students  - hell no . those count too .
thread : when i was  my boyfriend left me at a party after i passed out drunk . woke up to  men assaulting me .
i won  t post this on facebook because i have a lot of family on there who denial  of  normal  t believe in sexual assault but i will on here
was started by a woman who realized shed rejected someone because she was too afraid to be vulnerable . do not do that to another person and dare call it sisterhood .
i think a man just tried to make me aware of the movement in my own facebook comments on a post that linked to a story .
woods is another hollywood monster ! elizabeth perkins names james woods on a sign at women s march 
may our unity give others the strength to speak up against the people who believe they are too powerful to be held accountable . 
i thought about deleting that last tweet decided against it . part of saying is being open about after affects and effects as well .
harassed for the first time when i was  . today my sister turned  . i hope she can feel safe longer than i did .
i believe you i know how you feel it s not the way you dress it s not your fault you are strong you are a fighter . instant  message here for you .
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote might give a sense of the problem  s magnitude .
if all women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
these men do not deserve a second chance they had one .  and another .  and another . keep telling them they ll be forgiven ? then how could we expect to ever hold them accountable ? absolutely not .
every story behind makes me realize how every act in a male dominated society affects the females i stand by you say
abusers are everywhere including the holiest of places . it  s often someone close to you & someone you trust . keep your eyes open .
do you have a story ? you ve no doubt seen these two words posted on your social media news feeds . it s .
has raised awareness on abusers . many victims didn t come forward because they didn t want to seem like a victim . it s only abusers that fear awareness on abuse because it exposes them and empowers potential victims .
we stand together . we fight together . and we change the future together because we know give and fucking demand respect .
looking forward to the statements issued by & unanimously telling to drop out of the race for the good of the people . he will never be more than a dubious distraction & embarrassment for the rest of his life wherever he goes .
social media played a huge role . live reactions to the news then he apparently is less powerful now .
(  ) at that moment i remember thinking thank god i hadn  t told her when i was younger or it would  ve really screwed me up .
thank you for sharing . instant  message so sorry you went through what you did . it s a pervasive epidemic . we all must fight for each other !
when i was drunk on my  2  1 stop  that birthday and couldn t say no . in middle school computer class . a high school boyfriend in a movie theater
seeing people reaction to it s not about man shaming ; it s about solidarity changing the conversation and standing together .
shall i keep going ? tons of rape culture incidents have happened in my lifetime . none of them asked for . from the time we are born .
unbelievable ! he was sent away from the set & allowed to return ! people knew & did nothing ! why ? what  the  fuck this is messed up ! 
the elevator listening to music on my ipod . i was alone man ; pushed me against the wall groped me & wouldn t let me out . scary .
(  ) for a long time & even n low moments i find myself thinking there was something about me caused it to happen  - a scen
when you can  t even see the person in public without panic attacks because they know where you live work and go to school
welcome to yes for some it definitely . helped share their story . for others it triggered a lot of memories & were not ready
if you recognize missing from your timeline understand they may still fear coming forward . they don 't owe you their story . 
cruelty like this happens in the dark . let  s shame people into being decent human beings again in case it wasn  t obviously 
thank you so much to everyone who is bravely sharing together we will change this ! grateful for social media & virtual community !
any woman who chooses to behave like a full human being should be warned that the armies of the status quo will treat her as something of a dirty joke . that s their natural and first weapon . she will need her sisterhood .  - gloria steinem
hi tara na i  d like to do a follow  - up on our piece & speak to you for a story . could you deathmatch or email your information ?
but that s all you need to know . instant  message not re living my pain and shame to try to make you understand .
instant  message  . in the past year at college i  have been physically threatened because of my size and my sex at least  times .
- my story is too horrific and way too long for sharing on twitter but thank you for starting this conversation
 rape as cost of business . beyond problems of nda s and mous loyalty clauses and unity covenants in mega churches .  who gets to speak up about the risks of
wasn t going to post nothing ~ major ~ has happened then remembered so many microagressions side effects of misogyny . so yes
[ news ] why i won  t be posting on social media over sexual abuse in wake of harvey weinstein saga 
everyone using the tag and those who aren t are both extremely brave . remember you guys are strong and there are people here to listen
he was my boss . his company paid my salary . at time i didn t understand what had happened was a crime only knew it terrified me . enough !
my reaction to the stuff is more like  i  m pretty sure every girl has had to face some level of harassment . sad & unfair .
gloria all red is lisa blooms mother gloria & lisa are hypocrites ! instant  message a survivor  - raped multiple x as a expose in hollywood 
we commend the social media campaign for inviting women to tell their stories of sexual abuse & harassment . 
at  1 stop  that i thought that being hit on by a man  years older and him watching me until i left wasn t  bad enough  to count as harassment
i hope things are changing for the better i think they are . we need a safer world for our children .
look how she dresses . what else did she expect ? a response i hear all too often from the elders instant  message supposed to show respect .
this is something i  have worried about too but if such smears against those of us saying do occur there is a critical flaw in the approach ( and it s not just a moral one ) . it simply proves why so many of us did not speak out before . stay strong ! 
boss : you can move up if you want to . in la : where you staying ? coworker : he locked me in . intern : he called me . secy : i need my job
what businesses get promoted in oklahoma . who is most likely to promote female made  to look bad businesses ? who advises of risks and help prevents risk of females in the workplace ? and you . 
men really are such pigs sometimes it makes me sick . guess it s never too early for some cat calling . respond or no ?
we stand with everyone who has bravely come out to share their experience of being sexually assaulted an harassed . we believe you
quick reminder : if you want to change the rap culture a good first step is not justifying this man  s words
a guy that would be a reason for my status ( if i was brave enough to make one ) posted some bullshit about how  men need to do better 
a man on the street punched me for re buffing him & my ( ex ) therapist told me it was my fault for letting a crazy person get to me
this issue is so much bigger than harvey weinstein . girls are sexually harassed or assaulted on a daily basis .
i  ve seen experienced or heard it so prevalent ly that i read this and immediately think  only half ? i  d have guessed all . 
this is not because it is trending . mental health is not a joke we fight for it everyday . it was a long time ago but
there and these creeps from weinstein sex scandal is not !  they should be made to pay huge fines to real true victims
one story :  and on a trip with a male boss being asked to disclose details of my sex life : did anyone ever walk in on you ?
we need a for anyone who has ever sent an unsolicited penis picture made unwanted advances touched someone who didn  t want it .
the other day i tweeted without having collected my thoughts on that i could write a  1  7  2 p book on my earth journey around men * true
it s more than a trending hashtag people want to be part of . it s a sad reality and we should start dealing with it !
i think it s a societal problem . now globally heard . thanks for sharing . ( instant  message sure it is both women .
that said thank you to everyone fighting the good fight . i know how exhausting this emotional labor is . take care of yourselves .
she s a freshman at headshot . her body belies her young age . she forgets something at her locker so she goes to get it .
my facebook feed during the campaign was girls going out of their way to complain about twenty year old instances of guys complimenting their butts .
should walk to pick smallest up from her friends house but  - it s dark it s cold i  have already hit my step goal for today i  have already been for a run today and .  well .  i can 't be arsed
is just tip of the iceberg . there are millions without any computer internet access who have worse experiences of daily abuse
hollywood s movement actually is about women who made money off their silence . instant  message ashamed of these women . i won t count myself with u
- the year of political overturn and dear celebrities passing away .   - the year that people found the strength to out sex offenders who we may have once looked up to
i feel like it s also important to say i  have passed out at male friends house rooms  been touched & totally respected
this should not be a slam against ansari . rather it is quite a good example that ( just as take  - a  - knee civil rights ) we still have a long way to go . 
women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted speak out . show people the magnitude of this problem .
i had never even kissed a boy yet this grown man in less than  minutes tried to take every bit of my innocence away .
to everyone sharing their stories know that you re stronger and better than the person who hurt you . we stand for you and with you .
i met my  2 and husband  months after i left my  1 stop  that . he raped me the night we met . i thought it was my fault because i stopped saying no
see beyond the hashtag by susan thistle th waite the work of empowerment through empathy . ( tara na burke ) 
throw more power into that equation & you have a recipe for even more abuse & even less accountability . so i used to love louis ck now do not but it s not something i didn t see coming . ass hole well
told to chill out when i didn t find a rape joke funny flashed propositioned groped drugged had nos ignored assaulted
wasn t until a few days ago  years later that i told my husband about the boss who pushed me up against a wall as i quit .
instant  message not surprised with the number of hashtags and that s factoring in how many people aren t ready yet to announce their experience to the world .
so far i  have never really filmed myself raping raped abused harassed stalked and even considered or witnessed any of these behaviors in my job .
a2 : the short answer is patriarchy . it is easier to center men when it comes to racial justice . no one wants to dig deeper
cat calls uncomfortable comments from employers unwelcome groping subway rides w men pressed unnecessarily too close for comfort
today was the last part of the series . after talking with the crossroads clinic and an advocate who wrote a book to help other advocates here are the final results :  
don 't normally do the trend statuses but way more times than i can count right from first job and tainted my view on life at  years
if who have been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted me too  we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
new post : social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson 
the hashtag is a really powerful example of a macro impact of social media check it out & see 
and  years later the lawyer to an elected official  - old & married  - told me ( in more vulgar terms ) he is able to have sex with me . 
but i see you . i hear you . i believe you . i validate you . big or small traumatic or trivial male or female you re not alone .
as a man i  have to say that : let s go girls speak up instant  message supporting you have no shame to denounce your abusers
men : while women say instant  message examining my conscience & history . i  have hurt women & failed to stand up to men doing so . i vow to do better .
pretty much every female you know on social   media made a post yet we are still surprised at how many men are pervs . really ? !
every time someone posts with the hashtag a part of me dies . when it happens to you you think you re alone but clearly not .
have you been sexually harassed ? do you need help sorting those thoughts out ? read our latest web log : 
i & almost every woman i know have to say it has to change so they denial  of  normal  t have to . speak up teach our kids and protect each other !
weren t going to do something over one commem t . even asking  a transfer for me i got a no . now they put the person . instant  message upset
yeah . he harassed her so badly she s just now saying something . sure !  where s her pink libtard pussy hat ? if anyone even comments someone now liberals scream their pathetic
former presidents take on trump . his chief of staff goes to bat and blasts a congresswoman . dodgers in the world series . and more .
i just shared my status on fb and instant  message so freaking nervous because every time i post something remotely political i quickly regret it .
the march was inspired by the social media movement that brought such pervasive abuse to light .
i haven  t joined in on yeah it  - as reading relative to my life so i denial  of  normal  t know where to start . sorry .
pretty sure anyone who rides the subway has experienced that man who stands too close behind you + presses themselves against you .
asked to pose for pictures at  and  held in a dorm room for hours against my will raped and stalked by a man i dated .
reply  - deafening silence from pop & rock world where even in old documentaries the most famous they admit a lot of sex with  groupies 
and how to do better in the future . in the end i think my highly neg experience had a parent  over  shoulder impact for someone down the line
i was stalked by a cop when i was a senior in high school & when i told adults they brushed it off  because  cops are good guys . 
computer  information  science folks : be mindful of your language and of your actions . listen to femm folks . we experience sexual violence too .
i was grabbed by the waist .  and the gentleman said don 't lose too much weight i like my girls chubby . shares her story of being inappropriately touched by a fellow senator
here we are the panel . we  reply starting on rape culture in college watching powerful trailer the hunting ground . 
me too . i still denial  of  normal  t freely share my story of sexual assault because i still feel like it was my fault and am embarrassed by it . it was  years ago .
does  official position  erase trump s victims pain ? no ! they r victimized w / no support ! means them  ! unit ! rt 
do we hear the of can we handle it ? we got   to watch for signs to prevent abuse not wait for retro reports
worked at major wall street investment firms since  . assaulted at every firm . changing jobs could not get me away from it .
inciting incident when the creepy old white man in the hotel gym touches my that . wanted to put that motherfucker in the ground .
grateful to see the posts . you ve been through some of the darkest things alive . your faith and courage is a great light for others .
the only victim i see here is the dudes wife getting cheated on . are you going to apologize to her for flirting with her husband ? this is not a situation .
i made the homeless man cry i wasn  t trying to he called me powerful and i trust shaking his hand thank you
smart talks with elizabeth smart couldn  t have come at a greater time . really does show that sexual harass men is abundant and we need to educate each other on how to end it
hill  - n  - bill clinton offered get  - out  - of  - jail  - free cards to a whole army of sleazeball s .  epstein .  weinstein 
we will continue to march and take action . sexual abuse and harassment are not acceptable behaviors anywhere . the l . a . s march is just the beginning . we won t be silenced .
or the time i was barely older than the youth group kids i was chaperoning but a male rider on the train stuck his hand up my skirt .
i am astounded to hear these stories . this needs to stop now ! i am doing my part to help survivors . we can thrive despite abuse !
he called my weird no big  deal get over it . ? everyone said those things . i already knew i couldn  t win that argument .
i was raped on my  2  9 th birthday . i kept it quiet for  years out of shame . i came forward to support other victims .
but one of my sisters has had way worse than me  - starting in engineering vac work then fixed  your  post then in multiple corporate positions 
last night i responded to so many posts i got put in twitter jail . if only a bot could generate hugs for al the survivors out there
as a dad of  girls & pastor to men has me enraged & crushed . i hear believe pray & will fight for you . men we must do better .
the trending i get angrier and the shame people throw at me for that response is having less & less impact . anger is a powerful
i was scared to share my experience with people because we live in a society where many believe men being raped is an exaggeration
of all the stories i  have seen i find tara la rosa and roxanne mode ferris most shocking . they re all horrible and sad in their own way .
i think these predator men should be left in a locked room with a really angry dominatrix for at least a week .
i honestly cannot say but i stand with those that do . male female computer  information  science trans fluid .  i got you . however .  ( ctd )
not a club to which i want to belong but believe yourself first and denial  of  normal  t ever lose your voice . speak your truth .
also it sounds so so familiar . i put up with a lot while covering mostly male politicians as a female reporter in illinois .
the amount of posts i  m seeing immediately caused me to think  there  s no way  and that is exactly what  s wrong .
by caitlin johnstone  there  s a certain type of personality that finds it deeply offensive that i talk about rape culture sometimes . personally i found being raped rather offensive myself .
the hashtag is full or support for both and action is being taken across industries . go to or for info / resources .
had a moment at work . what  s crazy is how quickly i brushed off a male colleague grabbing my hair and saying  fake blonde .  (
you see i have my own story which i have been forced to keep silent for  years and still denial  of  normal  t know how to talk about
story  : boys leaned over the bus seat behind me and took pictures down the front of my dress on a choir trip
does it count not being able to sit outside as a child wearing a bathing suit without neighborhood men stopping and cat calling ?
given what happened today & the response the idea that the campaign is changing  everything  seems like a gross overstatement 
as a bisexual guy whose been raped and sexually assaulted as a child i support these women . it s not your fault . i stand with you .
but i honestly don 't know any female who has not been sexually harassed an assaulted at some point in her life . sad .
just saw all of the on social media & looked up the meaning . so let me be real by saying  me too .  especially when i was on television .
i finally understand what happened to me decades ago because you all told your stories and i saw myself . thank you for releasing me .
real change takes time & dedication . the hard work & sustained efforts of has helped spur a national conversation . 
debated all day . yes house party . woke up w stranger in my bathroom . i know what blind rage feels like . if i  d had a gun he  d be dead .
just  when my computer teacher placed his hand at time of  posting mine while on the mouse & passed that long unwelcome caress off as teaching .
i can t read  the stories without getting upset . can only imagine living them . my eyes are more open now . i hope yours are too .
just a quick to everyone i follow on twitter because none of you   all have said something dumb about and apparently that is a lot to ask !
college junior intern . under the table his hand went up my leg . said nothing . it felt stupid to alienate a powerful man .
biden doesn  t discriminate in his sexual abuse of women and girls . any age is okay with him . one day those young girls won  t be afraid to speak up and say
i realized that i was sexually assaulted by a kid in third grade but i was kind   of taught that it wasn t a big deal .
i can only imagine . i keep telling everyone iceberg . we only see the tip but look under the surface & wow .
in my pants . i was able to get it going again & reported him to a security guard who did nothing . typical response . silly females
me too . if all ( w o ) men who ve been sexually harass e post we can show the scope of the problem . it s time  kind change .
to the co  - worker who asked for a ride home invited me in for a drink drugged me then raped me you are the fucking problem
ask your wives girlfriends daughters and mother s if they will share their stories with you . hold them close . help them heal .
if all the victims who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a stat folks might see how big the problem is .
i add my empathy strength and love to these courageous victims and those still to start the journey of freedom from the sit gma of their victimization . 
legal issue ? how donald trump rules america s garden of dicks and sparked the movement  - newsweek call
it s time to start a conversation on closeted issues . thank you to the people sharing their stories with were here to support you .
in light of please pay attention : while not something i d usually share on social media i  have had a few drinks (
sending love and support to friends and colleagues tweeting and everyone who could but would rather keep that private .
i wish girls could go on night time runs the fear of being harassed by passing vehicles or kidnapped by strangers in the woods
.  and makes .  .  hmm lost count of the number of gymnasts sexually abused by someone within their own entourage . what  s different now is that these elite athletes seem more willing to speak up .  
you just pulled your own covers bot ! vlad needs better programmers obviously you are the bot . read my bio sweet cheeks ! and hate bots and pedos ! so here this for you you russian pros understand paid peeing assignments right
we want your help as we continue to investigate this matter . here s how to get in touch . find our tips page here :
it  s insane to see that became such a big deal in one day . so many people shared same awful experiences all over the world
olympic gold medalist mckayla maroney says she was  when the team doctor started sexually abusing her .  
doing a radio show today on harvey weinstein and how to change abuse culture .
so glad you have not had this experience . be thankful in a good way ! hope you get a chance to listen to those who have disclosed
when i was young and wild a policeman pulled me over on a dark road . i had a warrant from an unpaid ticket and he cuffed me made me stand in front of him and told me there were things i could do to avoid jail . he s the sheriff now .
as a teen & young woman through the  6  0 s  7  0 s &  8  0 s these acts were so common i didn t realize it wasn t normal until i got older .
thanks for your coverage .  there will be a national vigil . cnn we need you to cover on television . this conversation matters .
this week my brave colleague shared her victim to victory story . thank you for your kindness & strength in the face of adversity . 
been seeing posts online . is it bringing these stories out ? !  it  s a shame something so public brings this out .
i  have been sexually assaulted and harassed . instant  message cat called all the fuckin time . i won t be silent .
a member of our business team was sexually assaulted on her wedding night . new husband said it was his right . divorced him . never re married . won t remarry .
please read this brave woman s thread  it  s not how we dress it  s not if we are drunk  children suffer horribly 
i had to take classes taught by cops to learn how to protect myself . i had to see a psychologist that reported back to the school .
i wish all the scared girls crying in their rooms wondering why me are learning it wasn t their fault and they aren t alone .  thank you
behind every vocal woman there must stand a good and vocal man . to hear her to support her to defend her and speak out with her . 
the campaign is powerful . but it may trigger feeling vulnerable sad afraid angry .  be gentle w / yourself . you are not alone .
i really hope that nbc could help me to reveal the disgusting dirty bloody violent horrifying scosche industries .
if we want to prepare students for life a course on workplace behaviour and gender equality should be mandatory for all post  - secondary programs . and a requirement for graduation .
me too . that s why i work hard every day to fight for these rights . please help us reach our fundraising goal ! every dollar counts . 
he choked me in & out of consciousness until i saw my life pass before my   - year  - old  - eyes . judge sent him to a a . he didn t drink .
has anyone written a think piece about how vacuous and self  - centered the trend is ? we know it s coming . surprised it s taking so long .
story coming up tonight at  on about a local memphis business owner showing leadership in response to
politics read : on point we must protect victims not shield sex harassers operator ed in
have thoughts about the recent popularity of the campaign ? want a space to decompress and discuss it s origins implications and impact ? check out the dialogue were hosting ! 
.  you are not alone ! you have a voice you are being heard & your story is important ! my heart is broken to hear the stories of
i listened to find a way on audible in  days ! thank you for breaking through the silence being brave & standing with us
memo to george homework bush : read my lips no more grab ass behavior you dirty old geezer !
relevant to our workshop today w / meet tara na burke activist who started campaign .
dear girl you may not know it yet but life isn t supposed to be this hard . keep fighting i am so proud of you
hey  . sexual contact with  year old is illegal .  . sexual contact with consenting  year old is legal just stupid . big difference . go back to your hole and crawl in . 
i was sexually harassed in the field a long while ago . minor compared to others experiences . just thought it was how things went .
tonight : make sure you watch wc jb at  6 p to see the first episode of the  part series the power behind .
if seek help from an abusive relationship there is free confidential help available . the salt lake are a family justice center at the ywca is here for you .
almost five & so happy for the attention i didn  t see it coming . ran home undies  arms of my mother . i was lucky that time .
moved to tears by penny  s truth & courage i  m certain you have inspired many more to know they have a voice & will be heard 
just got into my car and it automatically began playing archers by brand new ( which i quickly shut off ) . i began really listening to the lyrics and i  m wondering how long the evidence was there all a long .
probably a well  - paid one . her press conference was over the top . i  m a and we denial  of  normal  t normally act like that . we get angry .
all of this is bubbling up such horrible memories gretchen is there a singular web log where all can gather share stories can you create one ? for healing and solidarity
all of you are such strong women and instant  message sorry any of you had to go through this ! i hope that prick gets what he deserves ! stay strong beautifuls
dear world ( western tech . adv . post in dust . etc .  ) the legal minimum age of consent should be  ! anything below that is or reminder is rape as well .
when you make the documentary about pedophile ring in hollywood don 't forget to add that you knowingly introduced these boys to evil powerful pedophiles without warning
i was maybe  9 year  old with my mom . a full grown man in a booth was motioning to me to give him my phone number . he had daughters .
all people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted write me too as a status to show the magnitude of the problem .
he was a gentleman to me which speaks to the blindness a man has . seriously . what   ever been saying this . masculinity inoculate s and impairs the ability to recognize gender based violence . 
tonight : students chanting the people unite .  to take back the night . hundreds show their support for
understanding also the ick factor versus lack of developmental information over a lifetime about human relational violence ?  and every day family life discussions on prevention .
earliest memory at   -  6 year  old . never let up since be it among extended family school work or public spaces . it s pervasive and wrong .
year  i know i know that s the old joke . but were in  joe is being called handsy and grope y and were in the middle of a sea of accusations and tweets . maybe no misogyny today joe ? 
seeing the hashtag around your social media feeds might be difficult . here are a few things to keep in mind .
step dad asked to see my breast squeeze milk out when i was nursing my second child . told my mom & no body believes me .
alchemist daily story : the problem with and viral outrage   it  s everything that  s wrong with social media
i am so sick of having to relive my trauma so men can recognize the magnitude of this issue . it  s not my job it wasn  t my fault .
wow ! thank you monad fans for this great new web log post . you touch my heart . monad was a pioneer rock n roll band . 
the amount of times i  ve seen in the past week is heartbreaking especially because these are just the people who have chosen to speak out
don 't feel bad for me . i just ask that anyone who feels any type of way about these statuses transfers those emotions into action .
survivors don 't owe you their stories . those who speak are brave but don 't shame those who are not ready to share their pain .
latest front in weinstein scandal : state houses say note : media must frame as unaddressed systemic epidemic 
feel the lump growing in your throat as social media feed is slowly replaced by a never  - ending list of powerful survivors . of course .
my mother & grandmother used to excuse my grandfather saying he was  care less  or just a  dirty old man .   just stay away from him .   
different time : guy said in detail what he wanted to do to me . said if i didn  t give him my address he would find me at work + rape me
how do you even choose stories ? when you felt the most violated or scared ? when you were physically injured ? cat called ? threatened ?
posts demand a hashtag in response . this week as i fought off an attack of nerves i posted mine :
i will never put a woman in a position where she feels uncomfortable insignificant or at risk or stand by watching it happen
i  have still after police sexually abused me then harassed family tried to take  9 mth baby girl
this is so powerful  - in our world right now of how many mother s feel or see this happen in their homes . where does our learning start ? 
the campaign got me thinking about the lessons my sister and i learned as kids about staying safe around the opposite sex .
in light of current events i thought i  d share something that happened this morning . no means no !
i conclude they must be wired this way .  woman = sex . and they re not going to change . i just stay away . avoid & . who knew ?
they all need to i have never seen a show try so hard to cover for a pedophile in my life it was disgusting 
i  have been having a lot of trouble sleeping since it happened . i saw him the night of the twitter boycott . upset all over again .
i shared my rape story on facebook yesterday because a male friend thought is funny he said u no u made that up u ignorant vagina
my latest web log discusses the role colleges can play in the discussion surrounding & diversity in the wake of the & movement . 
there is high anxiety in hollywood as the question on everyone s mind is : who will be next ? what would you do ?  listen and believe  or  trust but verify  ?
necessary and powerful words from . she is facing this with such grace passion and bravery . my heart breaks that this happened to aly and so many others . it has to stop . enough is enough . 
on the latest we sent to activist boot camp met tara na burke the founder of the movement and more .
keep bringing light to darkness . shame cannot live if we speak our truth . helps to thaw hidden scars . 
wish all the dead victims of guns including children could get a theme going . then maybe someone will listen .
is super important and everyone needs to be aware of why rape culture is such a big issue
what were you wearing ? laughing  out loud stop playing . he would never . why wait so late to say somethin  then ? fuck them if they denial  of  normal  t  believe  you .
out magazine : rt out magazine : another movement was started a decade ago by activist tara na burke .
3 novices : mckayla maroney says she was among the many molested by usa gymnastics team doctor the two  - time o 
i remember falling asleep at a party at a friends home to awaken by a dude i thought was a friend groping me .
what you just said took enormous courage . i hope you have a good support network .  if not i am happy to help you find one .
with now a dumped trump campaign book deal and more women coming forward in the u . s . and here abused women are rising . 
this sucks and i hate that i have to be a part of this tag but i  m so fucking proud of everyone who has been brave enough to share
i  m like shaking i  m so furious . it took me a full day to even build the courage to post the status on facebook at all & now this !
thank you . my trust hasn t recovered . that was my third . my last . big factor in leaving a career i enjoyed . we live in a very sick society . sickening how much we must harden ourselves to survive .
thank you so much for saying that richard . for so long our rape culture society has almost always either blamed survivors or not believed them .
every girl should be posting i was talking to my mom about it . it  s sad that we think groping is  normal  or  expected  when out
ignorance is bliss . empower people and teach them what it is to respect women . remember your mother s sisters daughters are women
always make sure your friend get home safe when you  reply out .  freshman year is still hard to think about .
in college computer sci class . guy directly in front of me watching inappropriate content on lab computer . looking away would miss prof .
students from military families attending dept of definitely schools denial  of  normal  t even have title ix rights when it happens .
people ! short + true written comments needed as soon as  possible . c thread 
is it bad that my husband asked me about my post and then i had nightmares all night ? he s such a good man he can t understand .
i have been sexually assaulted by  difference managers of mine . one left bruises all over my body & got to keep his job . [ continued ]
this morning the world is waking up to the cry perhaps people will finally open their eyes . only be acknowledging can we fight back .
the allegations against roy moore are deeply disturbing and disqualifying . he should immediately step aside !
so : says the needs to talk about in the church . my hope is that when & if you re ready to share your story people will listen .
endless love + strength to those posting to those who want to keep their experiences private + to survivors critiquing the hashtag
any female should b able to walk down the street naked & everyone should ask her if they can help somehow . 
can we start tweeting this evey time it happens so people can really get the magnitude of this issue ?
hey ! i denial  of  normal  t know a single female that has not been sexually harassed ! this is a problem !
deserve nothing . should be quiet . sit silently . only speak when spoken to . need to be the cheerleader . never my real opinion .
doesn  t matter when our trauma has already happened & society places the responsibility on us to fix a problem they can t acknowledge
i love italy but this is outrageous . years ago a man on a night train through milan tried to force his way into my room .
so far  people have helped me raise   to i  have said it before & i ll say it again : this is amazing . please keep let s put my in where he belongs .
i denial  of  normal  t talk about this and had put it out of my mind until but we must take back our power & encourage others to do so as well . 
just another way white men in particular and all men in general always give each other the benefit of the doubt no matter how destructive their behavior .
disgusted to hear about mark sch wahn but so much respect & admiration for one tree hill cast & crew who spoke up . also just connected the dots of post from one month ago .
have you seen someone be abused ? what have you done about it ? how will you prevent it from happening again ? save a life  - help others
i have read so many stories young women older women years ago last year today . also know that some of us have not shared any .
dear society look at punish offenders and help not blame the victims . it s really not that hard .
this mom was called to school bec her daughter hit a guy . the story turned out differently . way go go mom ! 
is a great concept but i doubt it  ll approach the actual number of victims because breaking silence is brave but very difficult .
sorry . gets twitter hype black woman activist been in real streets keep it 
seeing all these stories is just heartbreaking . coming up on news 4 local survivors speak out about their experiences
my heart aches as i see my news feed flooded with status .  not surprised but sad .  indecently assaulted by .
good night everyone . thank you for caring . i see a little bit more of it in the world tonight .
it s okay to speak about it .  it took me a while to tell my friends n family about my traumatic experience .  nothing will ever stop us
read a story from a friend on fb yesterday and was reminded in her story of a harassing boss we both had . i lost track
if  can t hear the agony n their voices you know nothing of but you might have a niece or daughter . can they date a  year . old man ? of course not ! 
king  5 s amity add risi shares a story of surviving sex abuse open to hear her powerful words . 
guy pulls car over and asks  of us ( ages  &  ) for directions . we approach and see he s fondling his exposed penis . close call .
this is eloquent & what every person especially men need to read . sorry if that makes you squirm but we  reply going to change that . 
if all men that have been ( or know someone ) financially assaulted via no fault divorce wrote we may see magnitude of this problem
/ this applies for most injustices . call out friends family peers . silence is a form of acceptance and the younger ones learn .
best friend & i were followed by car a long stop signs at about  year  old . she looked in & thought he was packing cigarettes . he was not .
what world are we living in ? child molestation is okay if you are a member of the right party ? where is the honor ? the decency ? not 
i  have lost jobs for refusing to sleep with bosses . i reported it through proper channels . i was told i was lying because he was in a position of power
as a front  - and  - center issue is decades if not centuries overdue . it s been a hazard known to all forever and scummy guys have traded on it since time out of mind . 
no words .  just wow !  since i posted in oct so many people are naming the abusers !  they should feel the shame we people carry !
from my  1 stop  that bra strap snap in the  3 rd grade to the groping in middle school to the coercion in headshot to the date rape in college .
fact : activist tara na burke a founded the movement ten years ago for survivors to talk to each other .
alyssa did not start this let s not reply  - write history as we usually do .  me too campaign goes global  
i want to echo this point . why now ? why not in the past ? it  s not that moore is running . it  s we are living in a post  - weinstein / world .
raise your hand if a man who has harassed and assaulted you posted a status of solidarity today
to anyone posting the tag please know that i have your back . here to talk or listen or whatever else you need . i got you .
hi victoria i work for bbc radio  live . can you follow me for a deathmatch please ? hoping to arrange an interview on
love the campaign but i do wish that more male survivors ( like me ) felt okay adding their voice .
took this picture  after a meeting idea of the sad truth happening to many silently . we need to shift to a
it took  months for me to be able to call it rape out loud . i didn t think i could because it was someone i had been in love with .
i was raped the first time in college and many many times at the hands of someone i thought loved me .  thank you .
instant  message harassed multiple times daily & have been assaulted . one is too many people not just female relations . 
cut contact with the family . was encouraged to sue abusers need to stopped . it was v difficult as you can imagine
(  ) i understand the male perspective of the tag . i get it . it happens to everyone . and that s horrible . but just like the response to
teaching consent matters  - making sure that you know you absolutely deserve it . without hesitation or doubt . 
years my senior when i was a teen i called him uncle he was always the life of the family party . took me over  years to report
an new  york  city landlord working to evict my neighbor from his his apt tried to get me drunk & make moves on me during a meeting
an empowering healing and self  - re at oration event    s . california ave monrovia ca . please rt and tell others .
read the tweets if u want   to have another reason to be disappointed in this broken world that we live in . truly heartbreaking .
i stand for freedom and truth . words are not proof . evidence is needed before lives are ruined . 
dismissive ass face . both u & now  - new  york  city care a lot about the campaign . we also think that while it  s great to be .
me too . if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude
i was raped when i was  at a church event & never told anyone until  1 year ago but i will no longer accept the role of a victim .
(  ) caused me  break my silence because i saw the look on her face & their reaction dismissing what she  d been brave enough  share
if you post and separate trans & non binary folks from women you  reply actively reinforcing  computer  information  science  as the neutral form of  women .  stop .
great thread showing how every good story has a team behind it  - in this case the story that started 
teach your child what bad touch means and how to react to it . it ll help them really even if you don 't think it is necessary . 
when you feel you cannot raise your voice you try your hardest to suppress and forget in order to keep moving in the world . 
expose predators  - rapists : okay good but : like aspirin for headache  - blocks feeling pain = the man  - made me d doesn t treat source .
age   -  had restaurant job male owner said i had bedroom eyes calld me pocket venus foxy . never touched me ( wife always present )
i wish it was a world more open & supportive for people who experienced a bus but you re right the hashtag could help
i used to carry a lot of shame and guilt because i was never believed when it happened . no longer staying silent
oh no you deleted your tweet ? bummer . shame i got a screenshot you slut shaming person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble .
her huffington post fellowship was her first job out of college and she remembers feeling confused as to why the editor of the entire newsroom was sending her flirty messages . 
and yet has said not one word against moore . his silence speaks loudly of how little importance he attaches to the abuse of women and children . why is he siding with moore ? 
they also received a lot of praise ! good pull it s far better to be caught opposing accused pedophiles than supporting them !
he found out we are friends & started following us when we went out . another friend is also afraid of him . get in line . lots of these
nearly was raped at  when playing hiding and seek during a new years party and the guy now sings at church and has never said sorry
head of a radio station knocked on my hotel room door at  a . m . told me if i wanted the job i was interviewing  i should let him in
instant  message finally feeling brave . i want to share my thoughts . they re not the everest others have had to climb but they re my experiences .
the resistance twitter ( minus nazis my bichon s gallows humor investigative journalists that picture where obama glares down at put in macallan  .  okay  pretending my steps on isn t professional  - trump faith in mueller & his dream team
told me i had pretty eyes . where i was fro i was going . asked my age . was shocked when i said i was  . said i looked younger .
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted posted people might understand the magnitude of this issue .
reading so many posts is heartbreaking but i hope increased awareness can lead to actual change . speak up 
dear strong brilliant phenomenal woman : it wasn t your fault . he is to blame . you did nothing wrong . together we will heal . 
a man followed me into my apt . building . i went to the laundry room rather than my apt . he grabbed me anyway . i screamed . he ran .
so no morals hannity supporting a child molester if moore was a person of color he be asking for a rape trial . so happy advertiser pulling ads more should do so .
as the wikileaks emails with djt jr surface trump spouts off about hrc investigation again .  someone is getting nervous & wanting to throw spotlight somewhere else  jeez guys  another clinton investigation  really .  clean your house  1 stop  that
i am so proud of all the women who have come forward to accuse the predators who have stolen a part of them that was sacred . we must support all these women and make them feel safe above all else .
ap : from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps coverage of  
sharing this article about tara na burke who started the hashtag a decade ago . 
put it this way : you learn very young that your body is open to discussion . degrading . demoralizing . demeaning . every damn time .
always terrified someone will barge into my apt . scared to walk alone at night . constantly having to be aware of my surroundings .
i thought these were just experiences everyone had to deal with . while that looks like it s unfortunately true for a lot of people
. of & their slogan if it is true isn t new just a repackaging of slick message looking  plausible deniability  do nothing . read the full of thread of the republican trying  dress  - up & a with lipstick . 
it took me a long time before i was able to confront what actually happened to me . to this day it  s still hard to process .
thank you i hope this can be a starting point for those who need help support or just to know that they aren t alone 
neogaf goes silent following allegations against owner   - downplays the accusations . my ass . this is crap .
when i threatened to go public he told me to think of his wife and daughter . he was my high school activities dir .
it  s sad to see corey ha i m  s mother in such denial . she can  t believe that her son was raped by a man and did not tell her .
i don 't believe there is truth in humans you image my childhood at  i ran away i was  and  pounds hundreds knew no one helped
this is the viciousness of ignorant trolls who will try to destroy women who come forward to say they have been victimized by powerful predators why do any of you wonder that women wait or never speak up ? 
the number of times i  have been cat called while waiting for the bus or running ; been told to smile more .
so many mixed feelings while watching this interview . upset that & other athletes were harmed . proud & inspired by their bravery to come forward & speak up . 
if all those who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status people might get the magnitude of the problem .
seeing my twitter and facebook timelines flooded with just shows the magnitude of this problem . we all need to stand up .
this scene shows the beginning of justice reply . me too threads ! show and explain it  s not right ! tough  luck heroines .
tara na burke started the movement  years ago . alyssa milano recently amplified it :
as a commissioner advocate and survivor i will continue to use my voice to put an end to rape culture .  be i hollywood & highland center
so awful . so disgusted by this .  needs to keep making serious changes . thoughts going out to ! 
potus  : rape pre  - existing condition . red state cps head  los angeles foster program .  where info headed ?
x10 . not just by a stranger . by a childhood best friend a peer in college a boss at work a driving instructor on plane on bus .
i was in elementary school and my friends dad was feeling me up . i felt horrible but didn t realize what had happened till later
most recent instance : i was walking to meet my boyfriend in new orleans i was harassed multiple times on the sidewalk . middle of the day .
where wa the outrage over donald trump pussy gate & his numerous victims ? it s absolutely disgusting how he s above the law !
on the bus in middle school when a boy sitting in the seat next to me began to feel up my shirt and in my pants . i was  . 
thank you to my wife frances for penning this important web log : to meet the bravery of pa  i am  not  sure saying
important notice : if you are in jhb tomorrow make sure you come out in support of our human rights . let your voice be heard . 
ugh i almost forgot mine after it being suppressed . i  d rather keep it there honestly ! i  ve moved on far away ! you all are brave ! 
he wouldn  t leave me alone until i threatened to go to campus police because he was constantly harassing me . he called me a b  
when harassed by a fellow middle school student male vice principal will likely happen again you re a pretty girl . it did .
stepfather at home stranger in elevator boss in dark room editor in car managing editor at party & more . sexual assault harassment
the guy who pulled my top off after gym class when i was  . the date rape when i was  . the friends husband who flashed me twice .
sending thoughts of love & strength to all who choose to publicly share and those who privately struggle with the pain .
i can think of at least  times since starting law school where a man commented on my appearance during a job interview .
because think of his career & family you re just making trouble is no excuse . from an new  york  city cop .
y did women support hrc ? !  she publicly shamed & called the women bimbos who accused bill clinton of rape !
cannot say but just spotted this sick man making me uncomfortable today below my office i took a picture still no shame .
and she bared her flesh to the world . she exposed all of the scars that had been left up on her . the healing process is never ending but she is resilient . through hell and back she  s been made stronger .
i was also verbally and emotionally harassed by co  - workers bosses and all of my ex  - boyfriends . lost jobs . broke off engagements .
in elementary school maybe  3 rd or  4 th grade i was playing tag with one of my best friends and this group of boys he desperately
i don't know what s more fucked up . the innumerable hashtags surfacing or the shock up on encountering women who haven t experienced any form of sexual harassment + assault at all .
at my home my baby girl sleeping in her crib next me police told me was my fault because the window came through was open 
be su case i wonder how not to educate my daughters in fear constant vigilance in order to be safe in this world .  
me too . you don 't have to share your but i just wanted you to know that i understand and if you need someone to talk to instant  message here .
this week spoke bluntly to my daughters about what to do when  they are groped or sexually harassed because it will happen at some point . the pain of that is unreal .
but i kicked his ass . somehow my dad knew the risks of raising a girl & prepped me on how to fight back .
do you work for have you experienced something like this ? it  s not okay and you denial  of  normal  t have to put up with it . contact us  - we can help 
how many me been legally victimized by liars who abuse the trust of the american justice system . it s wrong & needs attention
played netflix roulette and wound up watching  indy film  the girl in the book  . timely considering the movement . excellent film . if you know a doubter suggest they watch this .
she left south africa to fight for a nation  s freedom  - and she was violated . her silence  - like others  - does not mean she  s forgotten
i was surprised that my  year old midwestern step mom was aware of me too she s not on social media but watches a lot of television
bartending a big $ patron asked me  what does your pussy taste like ?  owner kept letting him come in i got fired for my complaint
young it  s your boss & you need your job ! courage to speak up .  he was exposed others spoke up he was fired !
those are just the big incidents . i could tag the guy from high school who talked about my breasts to me every day .
a so  - called family member which doesn t take into account the gender bias thrown my way every single day
tell predators advances are about power not attraction . you ve body autonomy & control . back off while they still can . watch them run .
but are we truly shocked at the number of posts this hashtag is getting ? disheartening ? sure . surprising ? not one bit .
if every person who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might get a sense of the magnitude
my old boss took me to a strip club & asked me to strip & he would be my first client then got mad at me when he lost his job for it
this is why the campaign is important . imagine doing your job being great at it and still getting crap like this because of your gender 
if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too ; we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give others a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if all who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . me too 
if all who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
kind of wished george bush sr would have grabbed that players ass at the world series game tonight
countless times at the hands of someone i thought loved me . for those who can t come forward for those who cry in silence
at school at work in the library on the street in the car . places that should be safe to learn grow live in .
too man sad for  . if everyone sexually harass e wrote  me too  maybe the magnitude of the problem will be clear
when you see stuff like this denial  of  normal  t just watch . speak up . do something . or else means nothing . the end .
rt michael moore & rose mcgowan has more balls than corey feldman he s piggybacking should ve done it when it mattered feldman kept ha i m as a victim he wasn t there for him god bless
a  and in a wheelchair he isn t a big risk for sexual hara s semen t no matter how tasteless his gestures may be . don 't take the focus away from the active sexual harassers etc . those who haven t started yet .
i wondered if i was going to be raped by someone i called a friend as i said no . he thought i was playing hard to get .
it was the cost of doing business . if i wanted to work in politics at the highest levels well sometimes a senator would pinch my ass
rape apologists trying to start  an off topic  discussion to try and push their own disgusting agenda is the why exists . jesus .
instead it was evil . everyone is or knows a let s shine more light on this darkness & learn what respect & love really looks like .
this that i wrote came up in my face book . in light of recent and anniversary of the election wanted  share
is global . voices are heard . the shackles have been broken . i no longer feel shame in saying it happened to me too .
alyssa milano asked sex abuse victims to come forward and tell their stories with
pa senate hearing reply what is solution ? not more police . possibly education culture and policy shift
new  york  city at  . before that age  in iowa  - don 't go into the prop room alone with the director of community theater
7 th grade : sat next to boy who touched me even though i told him to stop . asked to move . he said it was because i wanted to be w / my friend 
i wish news sites weren t posting tweets by non  - public figure survivors in articles . it com modifies trauma for profit & it s gross .
no but really it was so great to wake up puking to all the white computer  information  science dudes posting
affirmative ailes bill o  reilly bill cosby harvey weinstein donald trump . common denominator ? all sexual predators .
men : if you take anything away from all these posts : be respectful hold other men accountable & raise your sons to be better .
hashtag honesty  navigating facebook is hard right now but in a good cathartic let s change this bullshit kind of way and yes
i was  . guys i worked it fun to to uc against me . one kept trying to lead me to a room to help me virginity .
a trusted friend held me down as i tried to run upstairs . repeatedly grabbed between my legs down my pants . denied it happened
to the guys who followed me to taco bell asked for my number and told me and my best friend we smelled like  hot ass 
tara na burke the black woman who created long before hashtags 
when a victim gets to a place where he or she feels safe enough and emotionally stable enough to divulge what happened we have no scientific evidence left .
remember that for every brave person who has said there are thousands who still can t . support . listen . defend . change the world .
the trend is having the desired effect . i knew this stuff happened but the sheer scale of it is mind boggling to me . 
trying to stay in the moment . we went from this to in a matter of months . it s time to rally ladies .
i  ve never been prouder to be a woman than this week . sharing trauma talking healing fighting . we are so brave & important . also
me too . it took me years to process what happened for what it was but seeing everyone s posts gave me the courage to speak up .
it happened to me as a  - child teenager young adult college student business professional & as clergy
my father was a child molester . why do i still feel shame in that ? it wasn t my fault . the girl who finally turned him in is my hero .
i stand sharing their stories in the movement & those who aren  t yet ready . you  reply not alone . i  ll keep uplifting your voices .
i denial  of  normal  t feel comfortable posting this on facebook since half of my famil will start drama so it  s going here :
dude won t acknowledge dad was one of assassin s . = has to live life as total lie for shit lying industry of 
because this is a real issue we just keep it quiet because somehow we  reply the ones feeling guilty .
sexual assault on college campuses is a scary reality . read part  of our series on college campus safety .
or when i got drinks w / an ex & he took that as an invite to try to kiss me . despite the fact i was partnered & he knew my partner  /
the fact that women are taught at a you n age to never leave a drink unattended ( not a victim of assault ) definitely a victim of harassment
father of kids i had babysat ( family new to me ) drove me home  grabbed my wrist in car don 't i get a kiss goodnight ? age
sorry to hear this . thank u for sharing . i hope you have given another girl the strength to speak up ! 
a truth or dare game on a middle school bus . guy dared to kiss you or grab your crotch .
holy shit monica lewinsky had the gall to tweet on the * same day * mother broke her toe ? !  cc :
mary mary it s because of people like you why victims stay silent it s because of men like moore in powerful position that women stay quiet either way you it s ignorant or vile people like you & moore who make any victim stay quiet ! but no more
my early  2  0 s came home sick & fell asleep on the couch in group apt woke up  guy roommate next  me touching me inappropriately .
to  be  honest i regret it thoroughly before sending . alas localhost humor wins again . and here you re right again of   course ; literal person a distinguishable parent  over  looking affiliation just doesn t have that needed oomph . cheers .
to read the news over the past two weeks is to get the sense that  -  - at least in the nations most elite precincts  -  - the party s finally over .  - 
my ex raped me and threatened to tell the police i was lying if i reported it then said since we were married it didn  t count .
at  before i had even had my first kiss a boy i liked held my hand while watching a play at a theatre festival then let go and
i can t count the number of times i had to push someone away or listen to inappropriate comments . 
( that guy became my boyfriend later ; i knew a good man ! ) in my  2  0 s at my first professional job i was groped by male mgr w / others .
what s the origin of ? i started seeing it all over my timeline a few days ago . did something happen to a famous person ?
there s a special place in hell for girls who go out in skin tight pants & cry cause not just the cute skinny guys were ogling them
my boss a pastor at priv school . came behind me put his hands on my shoulders & buried his face in my hair nuzzled my neck 
because i  have rewritten this tweet too many times trying to find a way to express my experience instant  message just going to say
right now i feel as if the resiliency with which i have survived my life is floundering . reading report after report of men abusing their power .  this is what violence is .
my friend broke into my room stripped naked & climbed into bed with me while i was sleeping . i was drunk what s the big deal
rt debra birnbaum : . alyssa _ milano on campaign : predators will realize they won  t be able to get away with i  
the nightmares return and haunt u when u least expected it . you never really heal . but u learn what doesn t kill u make you stronger .
spot on . it s awful & gets pushed back . when you least expect shows it s ugly surfacing more and more
) i had walked back to a co  - workers office to ask him a question he was having a conversation with  other male associates
despite pain & suffering endured working coupled union i am raising good kids . my pride .
unwanted advances ; father s taking me home from babysitting ; teachers ; bosses . even here . i love the block feature i don 't comment i just use it
i laughed so hard i shot coffee out my nose .  but seriously . very good thread . give it a read . especially if you don 't understand 
denial  of  normal  t care who you are what you look like what gender you are what you  reply wearing .  no one is asking for it & no one deserves it .
me too . if you ve ever been sexually assaulted or harassed please share me too so people see the magnitude of this issue .
in  i slept over at a friends house after a late night . woke up to her brother touching me . screamed no . ran . stronger by then .
this part of the phenomenon has been bothering me . those who assault boy are seen as worse than those who assault girl sexism is alive and well amongst all of the other problems . 
facebook reported  percent of users have friends who posted and the two words were tweeted nearly a million times in  hours
to  many friends tweeting let these posts serve as a reminder of the pain they caused us . i hope they can  t shake the memories of exactly what they did .
let he who is wothout s in .  who will be left in congress & senate if sex accusers come forward after law enable harrassment ! hypocrite politicians gag
in  i had my first son . i was  . in foster care . nobody even asked why where when or what  the  fuck ? western ny  - southern tier . no one cared to even ask who . my list is scary
oh i think it s fairly clear that s why she s holding up a sign with james woods name on it at a rally . duh . 
just got the first message from a man telling me how i shouldn t use social media to get justice saying i could be sued .
find some truths and springboard questions for other discussions in policy custom law and human development . pre and post event risk prevention may have faces you don 't look for . 
it is illegal u got a reason for livin u battle on with the love your livin on .  we take it away night & day just a matter of time
a older teen boy in a bounce house when i was  in brighton a man who walked me home from a bar one of my colleagues in residency . 
the nun was brilliant . kind concerned shocked upset . her solution was to call the priest who ran the school my brothers attended .
training on trauma  - informed care  law will be needed also  avoid re traumatizing survivors who report  - example : 
the amount of posts i  have seen today has actually brought me to tears . why isn t our society better ? why do we let this happen ?
what about the night where i was too drunk got in a stranger  s car and came to punching my way out of it . my fault right ?
elizabeth perkins called out the actor james woods on sunday holding a sign bearing the words  james woods 
tweeted for situation former boss . while sitting here i recalled  other times i was grabbed . wonder how many i forgot .
isn t going to change the world but if it can make someone think wow i didn t realize how often this happened then that s something .
allegations mr yoda was groped only  by mr jabba hut turns out to be true . were very sorry all the pain mr jabba hut caused & well cancel all upcoming star wars movies disney says in statement .
while most people think is a new social phenomenon this movement actually started over  years ago  thanks to a black woman .
if all those women put in  me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem most women face !
my first job interview  - he asked me to sit on a couch . sat next to me and put his hand on my knees while asking questions .
me too . if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we can share a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
because i have a daughter and i denial  of  normal  t want it to happen to her . no one should be able to take your power when you  reply nine .
not sure can change perpetrators chance to teach our daughters & granddaughters led me to write this anyway :
should i name the boss that fired me when i was  months pregnant & told colleague she should stay home & have kids ?
in a society and culture that favors silence it would have been easy for them to turn their heads blame his actions on the alcohol or tell me it was just a joke and i was overreacting . but they didn  t .
earliest memory of an incident goes back to middle school . i was probably  . have since lost count .
stalked by city employee barely knew him appeared everywhere i went all hours left gifts ( wedding negligee ) so scary . age
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too  we might give a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
before alyssa milano began with activist tara na burke  years ago  -
before alyssa milano began with activist tara na burke  years ago
walking in a huge crowd on the  4 th of july in chicago while holding my fiancs hand a guy groped me . i turned around & punched him
a long  - ago boyfriend put me through experiences that made my sense of self worth almost completely disappear .
i denial  of  normal  t really want   to say much other than it was middle school and after that i thought doing more made me safe it never did
and instant  message sad to see so many friends with the same status but we got this girls ! love you .
on the heels of gad fcs cps head from the home of is to lead the los angeles county foster care lg st usa
so you re shocked seeing all your loved ones share but you remained silent when your boy shared his obvious sex recap
laughing  out loud the fact he tried to make me too about him though jesus fucking  christ can t go a few months without stirring the shit can he
thanks guys ! men are tweeting and in response  - and here  s  things men can do to prevent gender violence :
with all the heart  - breaking stories isn t it time we reply  - think series like mad men & game of thrones [ series that rely on rapes for ratings ] ? pull them all ! delete them !
wrote this on my web log  years ago about being molested on a bus and following was a comment i got .
it  s taken me over two weeks to write i  ve written & rewritten trying to find the right words . i  ve realized there are two  -
this is a call  no roar  for action against & in the legal profession signed by over  female i am so so proud of everyone who contributed to making this happen ! 
i knew something was wrong but i didn t find out until  8 th grade when she came through the front door crying at
we can  t have a white person debating on the issue of race a male on gender issues . fear of offence . the right to offend !
i wish this would have been my  1 stop  that instinct when that dude put his hand up my skirt & grabbed my pussy in that crowded bar 
when mom found out she got drunk beat me up destroyed my room & tried to stab me in the face with a sharp piece of picture fram
a teacher in headshot told me to wear longer shirts with my leggings . i wouldn t let my daughter leave the house wearing that . 
i just tweeted them evil gr in [ insert name ] . like ripping off a bandage  - hard to do but holding secrets is harder . truth will set you free
at a school dance . because a group of boys ( & probably others ) thought it would be funny to harass me and my outcast female friends .
at the age  at least i was strong enough to protest & expose the assaulter sitting next to me in over  - night do on  - jammu bus !
i denial  of  normal  t want to talk about it today . posting this for others who might need reminding that our stories aren  t public property .
years ago after a party when i went to my  friend  s  because i knew i shouldn  t be home alone . he excused himself as being drunk
if you post the  me too  status i want you to know i believe you ! i will be there for support if you need it . you  reply not alone .
really love starting my day listening to the far daily & but a little disappointed neither mentioned today
i honestly don 't know a single south asian women who have not faced some type of sexual harassment or assault .
been trying to figure out why this song makes me cry and i realized it s the understanding of what what   ever just been made to accept as the norm shouldn t be okay at all . i  have been luckier than most but still .  
dear abusers : shut the god damn fuck up ! it s no longer about you . you are not forgiven go back to obscurity .  -
male here who was victim to a female family member as a child . keep fighting forward
i worked w / the police dept for  years & dated a cop because i needed to feel safe & learn how to protect myself & have no fear .
at  a week after my mom  s boyfriend threw me down the stairs for not dressing how he wanted his son  s best friend raped me . i never told .
i want to share because the world needs to know how many of us are sexually harassed and assaulted daily .
i won t let the truth be buried and i won t be silenced said dylan farrow  rebutting attack by noting that that the connecticut state prosecutor found  probably cause  to prosecute allen but didn  t in order to shield  the child victim . 
another name every single day ! this is beyond disheartening to see so many predators ! i stand with all as a victim & a survivor !
missed poll . i was very lucky : confronted by a guy with his penis out of his pants twice . decades ago . scary but i escaped unharmed .
i was asked multiple times at work if i was a  good girl  and when i reported it they said he  didn  t understand what he was saying  
loved this weeks podcast having posted this last month : hillary clinton and  the conversation resonated greatly for me
france  s answer to is the now  - viral out your pig   which takes things a step further by naming names . 
dealing with internalized shame and low  - self worth is hard . i respect if others are not in the headspace to add their voice .
for those writing if you are raising a child hold them accountable always . start there . don 't blame the teacher and everyone else .
be kind to those not sharing because sometimes these memories are just too painful . sad that many including me ve personal experience
sexually abused many times because those guys thought i was too fragile to let go . yes ! this shit happened ! you are not alone it s
in light of the trend here  s a sign i saw on downtown campus . if you have a friend in a bad situation here  s how to help
opinion | why i thought twice before saying this pain needs to lead to concrete action . 
one guy threatened to kill me for not wanting to date his cheating ass . he said he d bring on the pain . he did in many ways .
( i hate that you have to live with fear & i ll do my best to change that . or at least i ll listen when you re ready to share .
still setting up times to talk to anyone who needs it . instant  message still here to listen deathmatch  -  - male or female . i am here you are not alone . 
computer  information  science and trans men trans women and non  - binary folks who came out of the shadows for i see you . i love you . were all brave here .
my older brother sexually harassed every girl in school starting in first grade and me starting in  6 th . he  s a youth pastor now .
dear  listen of & feel pain daily without cruel revenge tactics he s just one more trying to traumatize discredit & silence any survivor who speaks up . 
it s been a big two months . car accident two weeks in toront dealing w / car stuff + awful news reply : my own assault .
in  7 th grade a boy tried to stick his hand down my pants in math class . of course it  s because i was  fuckin with some low life mfs 
i thought the was there to protect those who abided by it . i discovered that it had nothing to do with right and wrong and everything to do with and harvey how kept a lid on claims . 
just cause a girl ( or small dude ) might like having their neck bit or hair pulled doesn t make no means no ! stop applying 
until  it was all they re actors they re artist they deserve their privacy buy a ticket enjoy the performance and shut  the fuck up in  you can t get them to shut  the fuck up about their personal lives . sick of it ?
by a family friend ; my teacher ; twice by strangers ; my boyfriend in college ; and my former colleague .
from strangers on the street groping me to college professors making comments about my body during a lecture  - me . fucking . too .
thank you ! coming forward is going change things and takes away he shame and stigma .
sick of folks like alyssa milano taking credit for their own platform but probably won t donate a dime to me too creator 
once i slapped a stranger who grabbed me . he was so angry that i hit him that he tried to fight me . other strangers held him back .
i was standing just a block away from johns hopkins university campus waiting for the cromwell bus * minding my damn business *
because i shouldn  t have to call my boyfriend while walking to my car out of fear of the guys who cat called me on my way into walmart
roy moore accused of molesting a minor gop : he must resign immediately donald trump accused of molesting a minor gop : crickets  nominates him to be their candidate for president this is the trump double  - standard in action .
sexual assault from criminal syndicate protected by local politicians .  sexual assault by  3 rd party  my parents separation .
weeks into college a male friend insisted on walking me home . instead of my room he took me to his . no one intervened that night
the overwhelming majority of women are raped or sexually assaulted in their lives but still we teach girls not to get raped .
 being brave & strong . it happens in life  the best of us . i stand up  what s right . speak truth .
most of us recover grow stronger . we learn to forget and to live again . but i wish we were given a different source of strength .
whatever the night or shadows you face there is hope in bringing pain to light . to telling your truth . to dignifying your experience
allegations spread to gun  - toting dismissed former supreme court justice roy moore candidate for us senate 
this is clearly a violation because it happened when page was  and not yet ready to go public . ellen page says brett ratner made comment outing her
unfortunately we can  t let this happen to our daughters our sisters our mother s anymore ! i can accept my pain for a solution .
by a teacher a colleague strangers on several subways while trying to walk through a crowd an older boy when i was a kid etc .
middle school high school part time jobs full time jobs walking down the street everywhere i  ve lived and on vacation
damn you you knew . olympic gymnast mckayla maroney says she too was molested by team doctor
i think we as women can have a conversation about this without telling each other to sit down . not dismiss one another . and see if we can figure out why we had such different experiences with one person and maybe figure out how to enable change ?
don 't relate everything with d discussion ws nice  try about women safety .  i am very well aware about hardships faced by women .
it took me a couple days to realize and understand what i had experienced but sometimes it s not black and white .
in college . because it was a party school no one took me seriously . i saw my rapist on campus every week until i dropped out .
ass hole yes the bar where an older coworker tried to kiss me and accused me of playing games when i rejected his advances . 
in  case you missed  it  - here s the piece i wrote for on misogyny in the film industry & how my career changed indelibly after 
laughing  out loud but trump talks over journalist in the middle of her question then bullies  excuse me  when she tries to finish . reason is trending 
our president has numerous sexual assault accusations and was still elected . is anyone shocked by how wide spread sexual assault is ?
my cousin by marriage needed a ride from the airport to hotel . we had dinner where he drugged me with ghb took to hotel and raped me . our family is forever fractured . 
not ready to share my story but doesn t mean it never happened . talk to those who have shared theirs continue the conversation continue the outrage continue the support . this ends now .
elizabeth perkins hold sign naming actor james woods at march via
sue her ! elizabeth perkins hold sign naming actor james woods at march via
elizabeth perkins hold sign naming actor james woods at march via where are the pink vagina hats ?
i grew up in the same culture which replaced the power of god with the power of the law and money . i was told to stay silent or colgan would use the law and his wealth to ruin my life . 
summer camp staff member university program . i was  he was about  or so he had a wife & kids . he forced himself on me .
has now taken a seriously dangerous turn . feminism is not about publishing names of supposed perpetrators . there is no rule of law
the church should be a place for survivors a place where we say and find people who see hear and if not understand at least stand with us :
jayda rasberry of talks about sexual abuse & assault in jails & prisons : imagine what happens to women in a controlled environment where men carry around weapons . 
vp of our consulting company sitting at the bar between me & his wife during holiday party ran his hand up my dress . ( i left . )
as a sexual harassment and assault survivor myself at the hands of other men i support all the brave women detailing their accounts
what  the heck in no imaginable universe is  a woman poking a fake penis with a sharp object  the appropriate visual shorthand for  women bravely sharing their experiences with sexual harassment .  
for all the other young girls who felt the heebjeebs in a room with the wrong kind of older boys . we never wanted your  compliments 
hi natasha instant  message writing a piece on the campaign in india . may i quote your fb post related to this in my piece ?
give credit where credit is due .  a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
with the stories of sexual assault flooding our timelines it s easy to think of men as the problem but i challenge you to also see them as the solution
thank you for sharing your story mary . we need to change our policies but we also need to change our culture . glad to see this movement developing .
women have come forward to accuse director james to back of sexual harassment  the tip of the iceberg
when asked about sexual harassment & social media campaign said that abusers prey on the weak and that if women
i was repeatedly sexually assaulted by a doctor that i went to for marijuana pain . months went by before i could even tell my husband .
finally decided to post on fb lucky me i got to see my first woman post a not all men post . f . u . that s not the point of sharing
. writes on how movement gives women ( & men ) a voice against their sexual harassment & abuse
lehigh valley women join in on viral campaign bringing awareness to sexual assault harassment .
so many men in shock over it is all women . on the street on the train in college at work sexual harassment is our experience .
never be afraid to speak the truth . if you have been a victim of sexual harassment or abuse speak out to help save someone else .
this is a must read thread about what women experience from a young age through late adulthood . this experience totally sucks . it is not flattering or positive in any way . 
a fake television show about politicians is doing better than actual politicians in protecting victims of sexual harassment . 
such an important point by here and to put an exclamation point on it  - team clinton was lead by the great defender of women who went after bills accusers without mercy  -  - > 
& i encourage you to find out more and donate to program helping to eradicate violence and sexual assault vs women .
how come only fake stories like this has a man s name . all these stories on me too i have read do not have names . why ? is because only woman paid to lie give a name . 
sexual assault is awful . i see all the stories . but you   all have to own your own shit :  of white women voted for trump .
if you don 't think majority of women have experienced sexual assault or harassment you need to open your eyes and ears
the single most powerful way to respond to sexual harassment assault and misogyny is believing women .
it repulses me how repub are defending moore while victim shaming the brave women who have come out and also blaming us dems face it moore is a pedophile he is not innocent he is vile and repugnant
people turn a blind eye . police sexually abused me in front of duty lawyer at police station
this monday on we discuss the movement  - a stand against sexual harassment & assault . join us at  est
street harassment predatory men at wor being made to feel guilty for not wanting sexual relationships with friends etc .
the powerful hashtag brings women and men alike to share stories of sexual violence and it s prevalence
million women told their story of sexual assault with now a new hashtag asks men to take responsibility 
fighting for everyone s civil rights is same as fighting for children s rights . they need us to heal our wounds and become their warriors to protect them . the stories are still happening to boys and girls . 
during her opening remarks says she s aware of two current lawmakers serving on capitol hill right now ( democrat and republican ) who have engaged in sexual harassment . house hearing on capitol hill
it s a constant for women though sexual abuse transcends gender lines . abusers attack anyone they see as vulnerable .
one in a million and i am not surprised . just enraged . men  - i hope your blood boils at seeing your friends sisters and girlfriends admit this . be woke and speak up against other men who perpetrate sexual injustice . for they aren t woke enough yet
i thought staying quiet was the brave act of solidarity . but i was wrong . brave is being open . solidarity is taking the risk to tell . 
since my  year old self got wolf whistled at the pool sexual harassment has been a constant . strong women + good men can end this .
just a reminder that women shouldn t have to post all over social media for men to believe that sexual assaul exist
sexual assault and harassment are low because people don 't report it . we have to be aware take actions & empower them .
instant  message sorry you were sexually harrassed in the workplace . really sorry . at least you were not sexually abused as a child like i was .
my heart is aching for all of these men and women just finding the strength to come forward and expose these hollywood execs for sexual assault .
if each women who headshot been sexually harass e cld tweet d world cld sense d real magnitude of this problem control c + control v
back then i was still new but understood every word he said . it was so horrifying it was close to where i lived . i couldn t say that to anyone for a while and kept suffering . after a while i decided to move out . now i think why was i the one to make a move ?
treated as un wante sexual assault revelations from campaign shows women must find their voices
tompkins women raise awareness about sexual assault joining national social media movement
we must make sure that movement does not die as a hashtag . we now need concrete solutions law policies on sexual assault
well ? we need to know . because i take very seriously and don 't want you fucking with women who need their stories told for real . 
there are a few horrible people with influence and power as they are pitted against one another sabotaging positions . some people take out aggressions on innocent people .  the maid gets raped and no one notices .  not even actresses .
groped in a movie theater at age  groped in the street at age  followed home  times cat called too many times to count
please join the and originator of the campaign for a powerful twitter chat on sexual assault and women of color !
hell i told my mother and she called me a liar .  so here at  still emotional about it . so all of these so called men need to be castrated . no other punishment is appropriate in  my humble  opinion . 
pay attention everyone to in your social feeds . these are people you know & love  - statistics are real . change involves everyone
when will academia come on board the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors are now more protected than hollywood moguls or republicans .
when will academia come on board the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors are now more protected than hollywood moguls coaches and republicans .
i hope turns into something must change it s women who face the consequences when addressing sexual harassment at work
it  s sad that in  mean still need harassment training but with the current wave of accusations and stories is plain to see that training is desperately needed .
democrat . even i feel sad this is out at  9  3 years old . i feel sorry  him & my heart goes out  2 the women instant  message a me too & it s never okay .
guys a few tips on sexual harassment :  . keep your pants on .  . don 't say or do anything to a person you wouldn t say or do to your own mom .  . keep your pants on . yes is a repeat but i felt it was so important that i had to say it twice . 
men also suffer as victims of physical psychological and sexual assault . simply because they don 't talk doesn t mean they are fine
in  case you missed  it : meet creator of to reach women of color sexual assault survivors .  via
retweeted kaya ( i finally have the strength to fight back oh by the way i denial  of  normal  t fight to lose .
that s why so many men think women s claims are bullshit . you really think they will be doing that in front of you ? get real .
to help give you a sense of the magnitude of the problem of sexual harassment and assault women are facing .
ignored a man so he called us fucking bitches . if standing your ground makes u a fucking bitch then call me fb  short
they didn t come forward for the same reason i never told an adult that the boys on my high school coed cheer squad spent practices talking about my breasts . it would have been brushed aside as boys will be boys . 
no one should require  training  to recognize basic human dignity . sexual assault is wrong . real men know it . 
why do men who sexually harass women get to save face and economic security by resigning ? this . is . what . patriarchy . looks . like . 
instant  message sure that if a study were to be carried out we d learn how many women ( mother s included ) have covered for these sexual predators
as a victim i can tell you that the movement has allowed many of us to tell our story just now when before we were  1 stop  that afraid of losing job or person too important for us to be believed or embarrassed . this influenced leigh when wapo sought her out . leigh allowed beverly
i had the eerie feeling i was being eyeballed by a man while on the light rail so i moved to another part of the train . he then moved to the same car as me . he exited the train at the next stop but not before leaning into my ear to say hey nice ass . i d like some of it .
yesterday women opened up about gender based violence ; sexual harass men etc . is about misogyny first
so totally sad . knew that these things happened  - just sad someone i used to admire did them . know first hand what this feels like .
he was an nfl star and i was nothing but a stripper . he knew what he was doing . he knew no one would believe me over him . he used that to rape me and never looked back .  these monsters must be stopped .
running trend is a good initiative to create awareness about sexual harassment faced by women in our society .
a moment long overdue a long w / all the other women silenced by powerful people like the clinton s their enablers & those that stood in sidelines . sadly spotlight will fade as people turn thier sights on latest cause as if they r merely a new trendy accesories 
the patriarchal reckoning is incredible .  and simultaneously pains me to think of the generations of women and abuse victims who didn t get to live to see their pain acknowledged . to see that their voice mattered .
asking for a world where the women in my life can live without fear of sexual harassment rape or intimidation .
but please go ahead  - tell me it was my fault & what i was wearing & not the fault of the rapists & rape culture at large .
noted  if rose mcgowan had told the story of the mossad spies earlier everyone would have simply assumed she was nuts .  rebecca solnit : let this flood of women s stories never cease  via
let s continue the conversation and move past the hashtag into action ! read more about the dialogue in piece turning into action for the
because instant  message a survivor of sexual harassment and assault ; school work neighborhood and in the streets . i am worthy and so are you !
i say to women every time you experience sexual harassment you must call it out . you may think your career is fucked if you do ; instant  message here to tell you your career is fucked if you don 't . i talk to 
isn t it sad that most women have multiple stories about sexual assault ? no wonder we all keep believing it s our fault .
: sexual harassment could come from your boyfriend . if your even in tears begging him not to do but he tells you to calm down because it s nothing or threatens you to break up with you for it that s abuse . break up now before it s late . he isn t the right one . believe me .
we need to keep this topic non  - partisan . rape and sexual assault victims & offenders come from all political and religious walks . 
this is why women are reluctant to come forward . it s staring them right in the face yet alabama ns still refuse to see it or even call it what it is sexual abuse of a minor .
the  year  old family friend who told  year  old me that older men should teach girls about sex . i lied & told him my boyfriend had already .
women shouldn t have to do a show of hands for men to acknowledge the severity of sexual assaul boys  - check your friends .
my book the blue wall which was published in  describes my story of sexual harassment on my job as the  1 stop  that female computer operator .
age  rapist : english teacher . age  left  dead in my car on the side of a country road rapist : ex  - boyfriend . 
also thank you for addressing sexual assault directly . way to bring stories about louis ck to the screen on watch
stories lead to change . speaker michael j . madigan presents sb402 sexual harassment policies and training to a house committee .  be i state of illinois building
let  s cease to teach good men that they must loathe their own masculinity in order to be allies in the fight against sexual assault .
two simple words became a rallying cry on twitter to stand against sexual harassment and assault : 
incredible reporting shows why women are scared to speak out on sexual assaul he hopes a seismic shift . 
amid harvey weinstein scandal women speak out and share their own experiences of sexual harassment .
can t fathom people who attack and assault women but victims should be helped and taken seriously . we should demand better
hello ms . milano i love you movement is so great helping women to sexual assault and harassment of any kind .
in hi school i was sexually harassed by a teacher i trusted ( in front of my friends ) & it took  years  tell the school when (
people assume as a rns that i  have been sexually harassed nurses are often abused an have a sexy media image .  au contraire .  when i was in journalism  -  - with those who are supposed to be holders of ethics etc .  -  - that i endured much more harassment  /
i die a little inside every time i see a man who has personally harassed me speak out in favor of women tagging
that s the problem . women and men who are sexually assaulted feel vulnerable and are scared to report it . it s fucked up .
tonight instant  message going to share posts with my   - year  - old son . i want my son to be part of the solution .
every women i know in don 't c are has experienced street harassment . is so important to show how widespread sexual harassment and assault are
tough story to tell . thankful local professor trusted us to share her story after sexual assault 
women in instant  message interested in hearing your stories for a potential article let s talk about this issue . deathmatch me .
for those of you who have gone through sexual assaul and don 't want to speak out through the tag i just want to know that you are loved . we do not think any less of you . and if you decide you want to talk we will be here for you .
to all the people who ve experienced sexual assault ( campaign ) instant  message giving you a big virtual hug
few in washington are saying a california congresswoman wants to change that  women sexually harassed in gop
i just shared my story of sexual harassment and assault and i got nasty comments what a surprise . this is exactly y it happens
men it s time we & speak out about the prevalence of sexual assault & violence . women shouldn t need to for us to get it .
i was  . you were supposed to be my friends parent not someone who made me not ever want to be near a male . you took away my childhood . i will never forgive you for what you took from me .
days before i was first raped i carried a light within me that shone through my eyes with every smile . fear and sadness then took residence . after being assaulted again & again the light completely vanished
the denial of sexual violence following has been sickening . questioning role a victim has played in being attacked  - is victim blaming
because me too has turned into listen and believe . if you were being sexually harassed by a coworker what would happen if you just told that coworker to stop ? where is the evidence that we aren t already changing this mindset ? speak up speak out has been around since the  9  0 s .
is bringing sexual assault front and center on social media but should men take part ?
is bringing sexual assault front and center on social media but should men take part ?  - by zachary zane  - 
getting stories out in the open with the help of social media was a first step . now social media needs to take some responsibility . 
dodging qs about sexual harassment  is not acceptable  - we need an independent public investigation and real reforms to change the climate to dignity respect and equity for all .
the me too movement has physically moved me to tears . shocked and amazed by the sheer strength of victims of sexual assault .
i think with the movement the timing is perfectly understandable . abused women telling their story is suddenly acceptable and believed .
it s hard enough to finally come out of the dark & speak the truth ! then i hear you re lying you made it up or worse . why did you tell me this ? i don 't want to hear it ever again !
people are standing up against sexual harassment and assault by posting the phrase on facebook and twitter .
thank   you alyssa milanos hashtag proves shocking number of women have been sexually harassed and assaulted 
campaign opens the dialogue of sexual abuse and assault and shows that there really is strength in numbers
church is the most unsafe hurtful place to share sexual assault . they protect their own predators and blame their victims crushing victims with forgiveness scripture and silence mandates . you might as well jump off a bridge .
as women across the country have shared their stories of sexual assault it s important to remember such treatment starts young 
is trending on twitter and facebook . aequitas stands for survivors of sexual assault and harassment today and everyday .
instant  message proud of all the people ( men and women ) who have spoken out with the campaign . it was a sad couple of .
i  have gotten harassed by both men and women i  have been hit on grabbed in multiple places and even been told what to wear .
trying  make sexual harassment & abuse a partisan issue means u accept & tolerate it  the sake of your ego & political ideology
at least  women have accused donald trump of sexual assault  and more information is finally coming out
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment  via
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment via
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment
mashsocialmedia : hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment 
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment | mashable 
in response to the harvey weinstein scandal has become a rallying cry against sexual harassment / assault . 
i believe every woman who has told a story who accused or because i  have heard so many stories told in confidence . because has these stories . those who don 't are too deep in the lie to identify or tell them .  even to themselves .
fact check : true . as a woman running for office i included addresses sexual harassment in the platform i released in  ! 
people shared their stories with us to help empower others to speak up about their experiences with sexual assault and harassment
instant  message a survivor of sexual assault . if it weren t for ongoing therapy i wouldn t be able to function . trump wants to limit my access .
sexual assault and rape isn  t just prevalent in politics and media . it  s also in your local schools home churches and even in your beloved civic organizations .
there are no  good  guys just like there  reply no  good  white people  - only the ones who work everyday to dismantle violent power structures
 hear believe and act : time to be responsible boys & men ! operator  - ed by calling up on all men & boys
instant  message in sales . i was selling to a grocery manager . his office had naked women calendar told me if i took off my shirt he would buy more .
men need to learn to keep their hands to themselves and their dicks in their pants . there is no excuse for rape or sexual assault .
sexual abuse is wrong and awful . women aren t the only victims . for years i lived in fear and pain because i thought i was the only one
is right male dominated work place is a hot bed of sexual harassment & viewed as acceptable i  have wrked n it  gov & business
i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it : hollywood holds march against sexual harassment  - 
denial  of  normal  t ever let your children go door to door to sell anything  school church anything just trust me here take it to work or friends
and a female friend from college told me to get a thicker skin . edit : ex  - friend . jesus . girls we cannot shame each other for reacting to this bullshit .
if you needed any further proof that sexual harassment is a serious problem in the country .  just look at all the people who are now stepping forward .  
while words matter following up w / positive actions speaks louder than words & social media posts alone . 
i have plenty of men friends that have never tried to take advantage or touch me inappropriately ; who were raised to respect women .
sexual harassment by older males at work  attempted rapes twice in grad school days but i managed to escape x2 .  attacker jailed . 
this is sexual assault .  an unwanted physical contact . this picture reflects a total lack of social denial . it is not okay !
sexual assault is an act of violence & power . it  s not how you look or dress if it was  8  5 year old women in wheelchairs wouldn  t be raped
oh hey and the men at my old company used to send around a  monday motivation  email overflowing with photos women in bikinis .
laughing  out loud men are all about the movement giving victims voices .  until accused of sexual assaul and all of a sudden
i  ll help : all the men scurrying to defend things like devos  latest move on campus sexual assault likely have a history themselves . 
i  m positive many other women my age are processing etc . as i am . even for those of us lucky enough not to have been victims of violence harassment & related memories are painful .
-   use hashtag in  hours  - see trend highlights sexual harassment in wake of weinstein claims 
regarding  - very important . boys need message other than don 't rape . they need positive male role models . it s on all men to be one
rt bbc_ have your say : . alyssa _ milano and the call for women and men to speak up about sexual harassment and assault 
sick and tired of people especially guys putting up joke statuses about the campaign . how is sexual abuse a joke ? how . stop it .
i was fired because i made a complaint of sexual harassment against my boss . i took them to court with proof of  incidents .
gather round friends instant  message going to share a related story . i could share many more but this one took place in secondary school .
most women i know have at least been groped by random men male teachers coaches friends etc . many of us much worse . 
by sharing your stories we hope to get closer to the truth about the prevalence of this problem . please take a moment to take our survey below . 
i hope that every man in america who has used their status to assault or harass women men or children is terrified .
at this point the bigger news story would be which powerful men did not sexually harass or assault women .
women don 't go to restroom at alone . the cat calls from employees is unacceptable .  guy = jerk .  guys = harassment .
yeah instant  message not opposed to i just felt very uncomfortable with it . it puts the burden on women / victims yet again ( instead of perpetrators ) . (
really pleased men have taken part in  - sexual assault is never acceptable whatever gender the abuser or the abused . 
see my latest web log post on works . but next steps require action from women and men . 
this movement is really blowing the roof off of industries and businesses . sadly this really makes me question just about any man in power . or any man in general . and that s unfortunate for the good guys out there .
no one should feel pressure to reveal details enough that the extent of sexual harassment and abuse is known hope it lead to education .
instant  message terrified to share this but instant  message going to explode if i don 't . i was sexually assaulted a week before my  1  2 th birthday . (
mother s & father s we need to raise the next generation of men to be feminists who will respect & love all women .
alyssa milano starts rally to urge people to share their sexual harassment stories on twitter
instant  message trying to figure out how to ask a question on that has been happening to women . are you familiar with campaign ?
i truly pray that all these women coming forward sparks a true change in men  s actions . 
surprisingly we may all be affected somehow by sexual abuse or assault . we won t hide any longer ! strength in knowing ; in numbers .
women are entitled to work and girls are entitled to go to school and compete like does in places free of sexual harassment . ~ anita hill 
as a woman instant  message concerned that the recent sexual harassment issue focuses largely on women but men are victims too
it is time to stop the rationalization of male behavior by words like locker room talk or that s what men do  - end sexual abuse now
most women i know have been sexually harassed groped assaulted or spoken to so inappropriately . sad but true .
my sexual assault story is that i logged into twitter and forced me to look at her naked body multiple times .
truth revealed is progress jeff s latest web log on sexual assault harvey weinstein and 
need to talk ? the national sexual assault hotline is safe and confidential . get  help online by visiting
alyssa milano asks women to share sex assault harassment stories under hashtag
incredible panel on  s show today . thank you for this powerful discussion reply sexual harassment .
sexual assault will never be taken seriously in this country as long as white men sit at the top
 i  m going to be honest with you i think i kind of got caught up in the campaign . on sexual harassment allegations .
isn t new no one need some special twitter icon to go with a constant of life w / women it s not a hot topic of the day .
in  case you missed  it : messenger : rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault : 
thank you colorado senate for taking action on sexual harassment at the capitol ensuring safety under the gold do me ! here s the full statement :
the first time i was cat called i was  years old . as a public figure i see routine online sexual harassment .
: floods social media with stories of harassment and assault many women as well as men are using the hashtag to show the 
to all sharing thank you for sharing year traumatic experiences & opening eyes to the scale of the problem . we need to do much better .
students share personal stories of sexual harassment and assault using to show how widespread the problem is .
but since my incident i haven  t gone around accusing any man that gives me attention of sexual assault like she has . big difference . 
fixing sexual harassment problem also about acknowledging behavior is often part of sexist & unequal work environment  - on news industry
had a friend tell me to write a story about all the times i  have been harassed . instant  message going   to write a six  - volume series thank you .
i think my favorite bullshit line when someone hears about sexual assault is u shouldn t have put urself n that situation . all   right
it s rampant children are often not believed and it has lifelong effects . my first happened when i was  i wasn t believed and it set me up for future problems . this is an epidemic a hushed  - up cancer that destroys our well  - being as a society . 
supporting today but recognizing it  s just another example of the emotional labor women & lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. people go through for our own justice
don 't forget the culture of sexual harassment in our state capitols where we need real reforms to empower equity dignity and respect . 
these women coming forward against moore are not after anything ! those who think they are need to shut up ! you re the reason we women don 't like to come forward ! as a it s hard
it was in the evening . so what would have happened if it was a dark alley . how many women children has he actually raped but we should forgive . you men protect and turn a blind eye to your own because you are mutuals . so fuse ki .
standing up is hard but thanks to the brave women ( & men ) who contributed deeply personal stories to the campaign . 
will you apologize to and to all victims of sexual assault and sexual harrassment ? you need to fix this . you took sexual assailant clarence thomas side and denigrated his victim !
just as relevant for women . worth reading takes five minutes .  what decent men can do in response to  cnn
let me just cut to the chase with the trend . dear men nearly every woman you know has been sexually assaulted or harassed .
none of us are : that s the sad reality . no matter where where we work men feel entitled to touch harass an use sexual innuendo .
i applaud every women who mustered the courage to participate in sharing survival stories is hard . you are loved . you are believed . 
is there any important man harassment free in this nation ? each day a new story today npr director .
will leave the workplace beyond the guys we film and shame on the street ? what about those other guys who are in our personal circle of friends and family ?  /
what   ever read the stories . what   ever felt the affects . sexual harass men is please rt & sign 
our show unplugged : a survivors story in scenes & songs is about a woman struggling to heal from sexual abuse . tale as old as time .
instant  message writing a story about the campaign in chicago and i d love to talk . would you be interested ? thank you for what you do .
if you think sexual harassment or assault isn t widespread or your issue check out surely we can create a better world than this ? !
actress alyssa milano calls on women to share sex assault harassment encounters with hashtag :
because men think it  s okay to send you penis pictures via text email dating sites i didn  t want to see that
how dare the us congress use tax dollars to pay settlement to sexually harassed a col leagu under ndl ? why is this not public knowledge ? in  my humble  opinion tax paid by women and used for this is double tax
didn  t you get the memo ? women denial  of  normal  t matter . see : and  grab  me by the p*ssy  .  socio culturally we  reply considered prey .
sparked by campaign sexual assault survivors will march in hollywood rally to see they re not alone
and thanks for this post . opening this conversation has created a dialogue to educate and prevent sexual assault .
five small letters to create one huge social shift in the way we look at sexual assault survivors
it s truly difficult to publicly say but if it helps another person know they aren t alone in sexual assault it s worth it
is a social media campaign that allow users to share storie of stories of misogyny and violence against women .
we need to talk . were any of the men who sexually harassed or assaulted you a professor ? if so and instant  message suddenly furious
unfortunately this happens to a lot of young women your age shouldn t be said about rape or sexual harassment . end of story . (
it s  women deserve to work at any place or ride a crowded train or go out with friends etc etc without being harassed .
watching elizabeth warren tell her story will ruin your week as women in congress senator .  via
one begins to think that many more than we ever thought possible were abused men and women alike . children . may we find acceptance and healing . 
maybe now people will finally realize how serious of an issue sexual harass men is once they see how so many are affected .
smart pedophiles men who marry divorced or single women with kids as a way of getting close to children .
thank you . it really helps when those of us who are with halperin show younger women it s safe to get help now .
very glad emma gray is looking to talk to production women . on  - set abuse is horrible and i encourage you to share your stories . 
sexual assault lasts a lifetime . i  m a victim a survivor and an activist !  is a man  s issue . it  s time for change !
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims two unnamed women allegedly raped 
floods social media with stories of harassment and assault well double   team silent on this & no twitter or blustering
yes those of us still traumatized by going public to expose sexual assault by very powerful men are aware it is highly likely we will be punished for telling the truth . 
it s amazing to see how just one woman standing up against a man can generate other women to come forward about sexual harassment .
today many of us have shared stories . too many . there are everyday actions we can take to build a safer world . start today . 
( i denial  of  normal  t want to share any more but just want you   all to know that it happens a lot more than you think . and that needs to change . )
but if we speak out against violence & discrimination like thousands of women & men have this week together we can change things
brave larry nassar a long time doctor for usa gymnastics has been accused of assaulting over  girls and women . 
yes the climate is so professional  - women and keep continue coming forward opinion : what men can do in response to 
after & the stark reality most women face on a daily basis men should try & prevent future incidents of such abuse
after allegations of sexual assault involving harvey weinstein has given women in the us a voice  share their story .
should   - year old man date   - year old teen daughter ? would you let roy moore date   - year old daughter ? look at celeb teenage photos in response to accusations
& it s my responsibility to raise him to respec women know when no means no & stand against assault when his boys joke .
every time i see a my heart breaks but i am also so thankful for the godly men i know choosing to rise up and fight this age .
real men like my father my brother my husband stand up against sexual harrassment . they don 't defend it ! 
sexual trauma makes us feel undeserving of love & respect learning to trust men again is a long process . 
heartfelt thank   you to the men of integrity in my life past & present  -  - colleagues bosses dates partners : you re why instant  message not saying
meet the black woman who started the  me too  campaign against sexual assault a decade ago 
proud to be apart of to help advocate for fellow survivors . the time to take sexual assault seriously is now 
thank   you for this campaign ! i really hope that law enforcement will send scosche industries to jail ! they re more than sexual predators !
me too ! and it wasn t easy but instant  message glad i spoke up at the time . sadly most women have a story to tell .
until we bring an end to sexual assault and harassment from hollywood to white house college campus to office we all must say
mashsocialmedia : hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harass  
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harass m .  via
honestly i can t name a woman who hasn t been sexually harassed . catcalling unwanted advances & anger when denied are all harassment
genuinely wondering if my posts take someone s space in the dialogue as a non  - binary but male  - passing sexual assault victim .
i feel an old wound opened this week . read to hear more about my view on workplace sexual harassment .
it s scary to read this as it echoes my own experiences in my life . is becoming a resounding rallying cry for women against sexism
she has suffered because of moore & gains nothing by coming forward . love to her & all women who have been hurt by sexual predators .
a shit ton of men are being outed as sexual predators b society teaches them that we  reply prey . from dress codes to police reports
isn t a not only but also situation . sexual assaul is an epidemic of epic proportions . most men have been perpetrators in some way or the other . own the fuck up . or say you ll try and do better .
james woods named during march against sexual harassment and abuse the latest allegations c .  via
dangerous rhetoric going on in this interview .  now women left wondering how bad does assault need to be to count ?
am i the only one that doesn  t think it  s right that donald trump is allowed to get away with sexual assault while everyone else is crucified for it ?
but men shouldn t need media campaign to care about sexual harass men much love to women who weren t hear until now
i think you can just assume everyone has a  - sexual politics are a reality people try very hard to ignore an covertly manipulate .
instant  message not ready to share details in a public space but unfortunately same as most women i know
instant  message living for this whole trend of actually holding men accountable for their shitty actions & the hashtag
okay . all men are bad . no woman has ever personally told me these horrific stories . nor has any man bragged to me about such an act .
a note that isn t new : tara na burke created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
threads like these are the reason why and the language we use for rape and assault doesn t even begin to cover the shades of trauma women live ( and date and love ) with . 
actress elizabeth perkins names james woods during march against sexual harassment
it is far to common a story women need to unite and end the patriarchy and help to create a balanced society . rise up !
reply be aware that this is not just a conventional binary unidirectional gender issue ( e . g . men harass in women ) . i suspect just about every trans an non  - binary gendered individual has been a victim many times over .
harassment & abuse aren  t only sexual ; secondary status as a female in corporate culture is something we all fight daily
yahoo ! thank you nicolle wallace ! trump needs to go to prison for crimes against humanity and being a sexual predator ! 
the editors ponder an important question : how will people of christian faith respond to the recent torrent of sexual misconduct allegations . 
sexual harassment brief list of potential locations high school conventions alumni reunion s workplace family events associations bus plane
what a time to be alive  - sexual assault survivors are finally getting some attention . if only that came with more tools for healing
yeah .  i  m just going   to go ahead and assume we need a fuck ton more women working in artificial  intelligence .
true but let  s not forget that hillary had a long record of viciously ruining the women of her time who had outed her husband  s conduct . i couldn  t vote for trump or her .
tr was a predator at my headshot . nothing happened to me but  young women i knew were victims . i know of others who didn  t . he  s in jail .
i would like to see white women stand shoulder to should w / and amplify our voices on issues that affect us going forward (  5 of 5 )
you don 't need a wife an a daughter to stand up against sexual harassment . you can speak up simply because it s wrong .
too many bad experiences & close calls to detail here but sexual harassment & abuse are rampant : workplace school etc
i used to think sexual assault was something that happened outside my life . i have far too many friends that have suffered it .
i read a post this morning from a man who put me too on his wall followed by his story of sexual abuse by his .
to  be  honest i  m okay w / erring on the side of caution when it comes to sexual abuse and assault . i  m going with i believe the victim until proven otherwise . maybe then we won  t have so many .
if you really want to make a difference look at how public schools ( middle & high ) comply with sexual assault requirements .
manager is complicit and needs to go too ! becky is a comedy heavyweight  there is an online petition calling on his clients to leave him   - rt  rt this  - becky with there bad hair needs to go !
you support sexual assault & statutory rape . i needed new insurance . just crossed you off of my list . you are helping rapists . was way too young . 
to all women or girls who have been assaulted by trump now is the time for you to come out . the country is receptive to the problem now more than ever due to even if you tried before now is the time .
guys man up  women who face harassment & worse etc . list if u have her back . if you helped a add year :
reply instant  message v uncomfortable with how many people are confusing sexual assault with harassment . they re different . that s important .
if you don 't know how this feels try your best to imagine . sexual harassment is a daily reality and needs to end
join the new  york  city alliance against sexual assault on nov .  for a night of rape joke free comedy  -  -
in light of campaign don 't forget women aren t the only ones sexually harassed or assaulted & men aren t always the perpetrators
the play he sponsored is why he is in japan right now the actors story may be part of the me too trend but pearl harbor internment camps were a bad part of us history . george t aike i was in one w his family .
abused until age  . then forced visit him . therapy at age  . fought hard to find my strength . cannot take that away me .
seasons ;  episodes of millions and millions of viewers live and in reruns yet so many men continue to be shocked that sexual abuse happens whose fault it is when it happens and why some women take years to report it .
got a story ? join this anonymous support group . let s find a way to end sexual assaults . 
might give people a sense of .  women already know . we live it every day while men do it ignore it and support it so
i am a victim of sexual assault . took me a while to tell the people close to me but it felt better when i did . no one deserves that
look .  all these brothers who want   to ride by bringing up rare instances of woman  - on  - man abuse sound like them mofos .
hundreds march in rally to support victims of sexual assault  new york daily news
together let s forever end sexual abuse harassment and rape . it s not the victims fault . it s not to be taken lightly . it shouldn t matter how wealthy powerful or talented the victimize r is . let s end it .
a friends sister stuck her hands down my pants while i was passed out . women get away with it  of the time .  that needs to end
has transformed into a global witch hunt only against men ? another male target in the as a politician is accused of sexual harassment against women . but what about the women themselves ? it s going to look more and more like a witch hunt only magnified on men .
long before a moment started space where young women could escape abuse . ~  be i overture center for the arts
me too . sexually assault e by  different men before i turned  . and instant  message not bitter . just determined to change this reality .
sexual harassment it  s not something normal to make girl feels that she is beautiful and wanted it  s a crime we need to stop it .
not a single male actor has come out with a story against a female implicates lack of offense worthy charming men industry
saying sorry is not going to stop sexual assault we need tougher laws against this barbaric and disgusting behavior .
thank you for standing with the truth ! as the bible says truth will set you free the devil is a liar and a father of all lies !  have been ignored in usa but no more ! 
is a powerful message of solidarity and strength and a horrifying reminder of just how pervasive sexual abuse is in our society .
women my age for most of our lives had no choice to say anything cause it always came back against us . we had to hide from creeps .
please reach out if you want to share a story or be a part of the discussion is going to have about sexual assault . 
clean up actors want to be brave then admit you said nothing while protecting and others like him . he s not the only sexual pervert in your industry .
rape & sexual assault advocacy groups see an influx of calls of people seeking help since went viral . details at  on
any officers ready to protect children from cse ( child sexual exploitation ) dozens of churches there are approving ? please see for how to & how helps . 
i wish there were more good men in the world to help stop abuse against women and not criticize the it s not right nor acceptable .
louis ck is a pompous sick sick disgusting impotent man and any man to comes to his defense goes on my non exist list too
to dis abuse ourselves of the lie that women s safety is a partisan issue . it s not progressive vs conservative . it s about human rights 
you  reply not required to be the  perfect  victim or survivor of sexual harass men you owe nothing to anyone . is for you and you alone .
if you re looking to take action for all those who have suffered sexual violence consider donating  for every time you saw today . 
let me simply say this overwhelming response should make it clear that sexual assault is never okay & that something needs to change .
as the rallying cry goes viral it s important to recognize kids are victims of harassment and assault too .
is personalizing this issue for men . they are finding out friends sisters colleagues and daughters were victims of abuse and assault
went to my doc  s office for a sore throat . older male doc covering for her . sick feeling in my stomach even now . feels wrong = wrong .
female staffers warn each other about which congress members or aides to stay away from . it s ( sexual harassment ) an open secret on the hill . 
local women are joining the nat l conversation ; opening up about their painful past & movement tugging at country  s social conscience
includes little boys & men .  bravely tells his story .  thank you for opening the door & blessing only from now on ! 
you ve obviously never been sexually assualt ed that is an incredibly care less remark that continues to discredit all of the countless women that just came forward with
following the weinstein allegations has become a viral hashtag with people sharing their stories of sexual assault
girls & women must take a stand on sexual harassment assault abuse and exploitation ! i see you ! i hear you and i stand with you !
if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too as status people can get a sense of the problems magnitude .
to all the women sharing stories of sexual assault and sexual harassment thank you for your bravery to speak up . you are not alone .
disheartened earlier to see inane unimportant shit trending . now seeing so many women sharing . sad but maybe now people will get it 
this shits funny . . ( not rape ) but all these people posting me too . . like shit backing the day it was called cop in a feel & women did to
self control is so important we have to respect each other . instant  message stand up against the sexual harassment and bulling .
wow . there  s something inspiring about women in porn stepping up join i can imagine a moment they  d think  no one would ever believe me  
yes when a child is sexually assaulted and threatened what is the appropriate time for them to speak out ? or they are banned from discussing it when askes ? poor snowflake liar must be ap poetic over all the charges
it s happened while traveling while at work while at home . women unite behind and finally tell their sexual assault stories :
it s happened while traveling while at work while at home . women unite behind to finally tell their sexual assault stories :
we stand with victims of sexual assaul this is never okay all people should feel comfortable to be in their daily lives
i lost a lot of respect for louis ck when it was recently alleged that he masturbated in front of a few women . too many stories
instant  message glad that these stories are coming out and i hope this new wave of will not stop . get every last one sexual predators out !  
- from sexual assault to inappropriate comment it s not okay . your experience matters even if you choose to stay silent
love is all women need not sexual abuse or sexually deviant  - behavior from men ! you  ll get your ass kicked if u mess or mines !
whether you ve spoken out with as a victim or choose to remain silent we can all work together for a better future . sexual abuse .
meet tara na burke the activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault .  via
meet tara na burke the activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault 
meet tara na burke  -  - activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault  via
meet tara na burke the activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault
meet tara na burke activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault  via
meet tara na burke the activist who started campaign to ignite conversation on sexual assault via
yeah fuck so every woman i know has experienced sexual violence . like for example  of my female colleagues .
women .  let us heal ourselves . rebirth : transforming sexual trauma program for women . only  openings are available . sign up today by  est to start your first session on thursday  . 
learn about the woman behind the and why you should support local healing spaces for black women and girls : 
we need to talk about sexual assault & consent with our sons and daughters early even if it  s uncomfortable . this needs to change
1  0 television is holding a phone bank for survivors of sexual violence in response to call in for support and resources !
back at for more updates and analysis on the ever growing list of powerful men accused of sex assault & harrasment . who  s next ? tune in for news you can use .
men can t keep getting away with this predatory behavior that instills fear into women and think it s okay
again you are completely tone deaf . hundreds of thousands of women are trending with and you attack a woman . god you are such a parent  over  shoulder
i mention this because reading many of the posts arguing that male survivors have no place in these posts instant  message reading a variety of more sophisticated versions of what the social work trainee said to me  years ago .
instant  message a northwestern journalism student writing about the campaign and it s impact in chicago . are you willing to talk ?
i d rather see the men who harassed me + you write instant  message sorry . but that s not the game were playing is it ? too bad it never is .
in light of the posts i have seen many of my friends share their stories and admit to sexual harassment and abuse but i have also 
this is how power works . i can openly talk about it but women can t . this is why women need and not computer  information  science men 
rt daily nation hundreds join march in hollywood against sexual abuse
in light of our world and instant  message reminded of this article i read a year ago . it s stuck with me . believe women 
opinion : survivors of sexual violence don 't owe anyone our stories . here s why instant  message telling mine .
reading realizing girls take in a lot of bullshit esp in relationships all in the name of holding it together for the public eye .
rt ap entertainment : focusing on victims : alyssa _ milano says she spread campaign to show how often women experience  
i  have told my story countless times and it s not been listened to . hopefully some of these stories will get the attention they deserve
activist tara na burke a black woman began the crusade  years ago particularly for women of color .
in a post olympic gymnast says she was molested by the u . s . women  s gymnastics team doctor starting at  years old .
the vile access hollywood tape prompted me to finally tell my story to a family member . nearly ten years after the assault .
cnn : sexual assault stories trigger trauma  - has become a rallying cry for victims of sexual a bus .
- men are grossly under represented in this conversation  - as victims as inadvertent abusers or as bystanders .  please speak up to solve this ! let s also share idea to improve situation for women and men both ?
i have been sexually harassed & assaulted but i survived each time ; grateful  my mom who taught me how to defend myself and speak up .
keeping watching for clear evidence that this is a widespread issue impacting many women and girls today . thank   you
secrets shared of long ago sexual harassment may help in the healing and explain the power of in this story for
good point from  - why denial  of  normal  t media companies hire back all the women who have left from sexual harassment ? 
should bother men . reminded of the he i trusted with my story . a he from a totally difference walk of life so effortlessly reinforced that same shame dirt guilt .
i was just starting professional life w no money and at a time when women were fired for getting pregnant . but then i got the power .
proud of eleanor mcmanus for going on to tell the truth about mark halperin in order to protect other young women . 
teacher  watching sexual assaul some dumbass vegan brother compared my friend  s rape to eating me at and reply  - triggered her so thanks for that asswipe
i hardly believe any woman and i do not trust the system to be just  - women start the crap and then cry victim = pity party
wow .  female actors have come together in a joint call against the sexual and they have faced in the swedish and industry . love and power ! 
my facebook feed is a wall of  - i am going to be a role model and an ally to all of you . i am going to work to change the culture .
now the hyper  - sensitive crowd is out in force after they really think everything bad men do reflect on them personally ? weird .
i looks like they are collecting all the stories not just the ones from women . instant  message glad to hear this . thanks for sharing .
openly on set . yet the responsible director has denounced this sort of behavior & tweeted his support of women  x this week .  
i have seen lots of sexism and abusive sexual power plays in the workplace . as a man has shown me that we all need to do better .
cnn : training men and boys to honor women  - after women all over the world shared their stories of sex u .
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted post me too  as a status we  ll give people an idea how common it is .
and posted on facebook too for those who denial  of  normal  t tweet  and that includes many older women . is the message clear ? 
alyssa milano is happy the campaign has given women a voice & wants it to be more than a hashtag movement . 
alyssa milano is happy the campaign has given women a voice & wants it to be more than a hashtag movement .
no . hang in . it s part of the anger you carry in feeling like prey . and sometimes you lash out . we need men to speak up & back up !
being queer sex is defined differently & hard to know if you should call your assault rape . instant  message telling myself & you : it was . it is . 
this needs to be retweeted far and wide . men need to know that that kind of behavior will not be tolerated or laughed off .
when i look back at my whole life i  ve experienced sexual assault  times all by people i knew and trusted ( at first ) .
bravo to the women who did post & to those who need to keep their silence but feel more hope this week after the outrage . 
rt the spartan ite : i legit mate ly think all women have been either molested harassed abused raped at one point of their life .
with the growing number of stories being shared on social media we want tigers to know help is available through the
good read on why gender equality is a crisis . i wonder how different the reaction from a women leader would have been on my 
telling a female friend about sexual assault and having her respond  i love it when my boss hits on me 
this is the problem with hollywood ! keep making rude sexual jokes ! the boy who cried wolf comes to mind !
instant  message hopeful that going forward in this movement we can share how to raise our sons to be respectful kind and considerate of women
his argument suggests his own culpability . this opinion is from one who has heard this argument too many times . this is how pedophiles & sex offenders keep women silent . he is culpable for he learned his argument closely .
the next viral social media hashtag on sexual harassment and assault needs to be from men posting
why no news from canadian universities in response to this wave of complaints internationally ? sexual harassment and assault in higher ed : what  s happened since weinstein  - the chronicle of higher education via .
why now alabama asks ? it  s called a tipping point . it  s  and we will not abide child molestation sexual harassment or sexual assault anymore
i  have been sexually assaulted once & harassed numerous times . people didn t believe evidence it use to b too hard to share .
hollywood march helps give legs to movement in wake of latest sexual assault allegations 
hollywood march helps give legs to movement in wake of latest sexual assault allegations .  via
hollywood march helps give legs to movement in wake of latest sexual assault allegations
reading these heart  - breaking stories on you see some women walking and smiling but they have gone through real hell .
i love love love this essay by  now that there are consequences now that there is finally for once some sort of price to pay for treating women like interchangeable pieces of flesh and calling it romance you  reply paying attention .  
opinion : harvey weinstein scandal shows more people need to speak up about sexual misconduct
michele i am so sorry to read this .  instant  message doing a story tonight about and it s impact . would you be willing to share your story ?
i  m on a bit of a roll reply here are  things you need to know about maternity care for women who ve been sexually assaulted thread :
one positive outcome of lots of people are asking what our schools are teaching about and let s showcase our best resources and help change what s taught in schools .
as a  year old girl . as a teenager . as an adult . sexual assault and sexual harassment has been a way of life . one that needs to end .
i cried night trump was elected  - i couldn t believe us was electing an accused and self  - avowed sexual assaulter to highest position 
grateful to everyone sharing their story . but why is the burden always on survivors to disclose in order to get people to care ?
check out the response has received at this point to her request . no surprise . everyone i know has been harassed sexually at the very least .
 i called the police last week  : after weinstein reports women take action   - sending you my documented story
we can change this . it s not a zero sum game ; white men can feel awesome about standing up for equality and progress .
join us on facebook live today at  as we sit down with one of our trauma care specialists to discuss sexual assault .
i  m sorry to all the sexual assault survivors who are re living their trauma because of all the recent news . you are believed you are resilient and you are loved .
let s not forget to stand with in support and stand in defence of those being abused by the rape epidemic taking place on college campuses across the country . just because they don 't have publicists or gloria all red doesn t make them unimportant .
. it doesn t need to be a witch hunt sometimes people just don 't know because it wasn t rape so it s not a big deal . ( thread )
interesting how casey affleck s lawyer marty singer also represents other celeb serial sexual harrass ers such as brett ratner and bill cosby . powerful attorneys and settlements to wash the dirty laundry .
all the women saying i denial  of  normal  t recall seeing any of the beauty contestants talking about today . probably scared 
if you know me you know that while i write and share on social media instant  message generally a very private person . this is different .
it just not okay to treat women any less than who they are : equal to you and worthy of respect . men : listen up esp white men to
table full of it men joking about wanting the harvey weinstein movie before my meeting .  one suggested it  s called  the casting couch 
wow it  s great to realize you  reply not alone ; yet sad to see the number of women who can relate to
you can count me among the men who are surprised by the sheer number of  posts by women close to me . men we need to be better .
wonderful . however instant  message still wondering when will you give credit to the black woman who started the movement ?
we need to keep in mind that to be called a pound sign . so may not be appropriate for the message people are wanting to send .
is personalizing it showing men their sisters daughters mother s friends & colleagues are victims of attacks and abuse
man exposes self in subway station thought cop didn t see so i tell him . his reply : you don 't want me to do anything do you ?
woman posts facebook status in hopes men will finally learn to be f*c king  human beings 
make sure you   all know the in de fat ig ably giving & long time advocate started  years ago :  . praise .
yep i got the strong sense he did it to a lot of women . who of us can go up against a high powered lawyer ? 
i was first assaulted in middle school . i  have experienced harassment rape assault & stalking . most from men i knew some family .
- harassed only and i honestly feel incredibly lucky for that when almost every single woman i know has been sexually assaulted . 
i have been tweeting that . that  s their problem now . because of the revolution . trump did what about bill . hillary was vilified for her husband  s transgressions again . he was impeached . he is in the history books and punished . trump gets elected .
it makes me feel better knowing that the trend shows we aren  t alone but it makes me sick to see what women have to deal with
that  s why this conversation & movement really is so important because we cannot stay silent any longer . women & men must speak up .
i know instant  message a little late to this party but i feel so gross about it that i  have never told my spouse and never say the offenders name
hey dudes  -  - you ve had us holding your pandora s box of harassment for ages . were done . it s opening now . time to face the music .
web of secrets is coming to light and being revealed . those who have mistreated women ( and others ) will be held accountable and take responsibility for their actions .
the creator of is ready to move forward  until we believe all women  s voices have value none of us really can be seen as equal 
my heart ladies instant  message sorry this happened to you all . i also carry memories from age  to 16 . i stand with you side by side always
i was a victim of harassment at my workplace . not by  person but  . i worked in hour . i fought it i won . instant  message so grateful i knew when enough was enough .
at  was assaulted had wrist broken clothes torn & his parts shoved in my mouth important young man in town i cried never told
& i filed a report but was told that i shouldn t walk alone around campus alone late at night & a group of friends they laughed
today is my anniversary of assault & rape keep  in  touch . feeling selfish because instant  message enjoying not feeling as alone as i usually do on this date .
this morning some of the very same chicago hotel workers are among a group of members at city hall celebrating the implementation of ordinance they won protecting hotel workers from sexual harassment & assault at work ! congratulations ! 
years ago for me . i  have never spoken of it ( outside of therapy ) until but i would do the same ! these women are credible because they have zero to gain & knew the kind of vicious attacks they d likely face !
me too . if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted tweeted we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
why do you think women stay quiet ? this is what they always do .  hush woman . if this gets out no one will want you ! you  ll be ruined ! you  ll bring shame on our house ! 
all of my social media feeds being filled with humans saying is both incredibly inspiring and also takes some time to sink in .
wow do you not know anything about sexual assault ? you  reply going to blame the victim ? you need to read this . 
i want to remind every woman ( and man ) that has been sexually assaulted or harassed you are strong you are loved you are brave .
. is correct about the complicity of men . when i was raped by a football player other players knew incl the one who stayed in the room & ignored my screams . some look the other way & end up in the of the nfl my 
let me get my me too moment . he s old for  fuck's sake !  bush sr . says sorry after actor alleges he sexually assaulted her  
to my sisters sharing stories of sexual assault and sexual harassment thank you for your bravery to speak up . you are not alone .
the creep went on to harass at least  more women over  years before he was fired . mine was the first formal complaint on record .
child teenager new job . men everyone need  seriously address redefine what it means  be masculine a man .
but were not victims were survivors and will fight so that our daughters can live in a world free from sexual harass men
 these men in one way or another represented the very best of television .  really ? !  but tell me again how the culture is changing & there  s no backlash against .  
standing in fierce solidarity with brave & courageous survivors as they say in the face of sexual assault . your voices are heard .
men make us feel like it s our fault covering up their egregious behavior . thank you for doing this . must let anger go . it s hard .
anti rape campaigns have been around forever .  where were these white knight brothers then ? back before posts rape victims were just
i was  when the  2 and wave of assault began . that time i knew better and my friend  s older brother got a swift knee .
it is so f  ing hard to speak publicly about being molested ! there  s no fun fame or fortune . we grew to be strong fierce women determined to protect our younger sisters from you . 
the fact that so many women have come out in hollywood the movement and that there were a wapo reporters in the are a after the primaries a long with  + cor rob orators tons of teen girls his colleagues and the mall saying he was banned doesn t mean anything ?
i am one of those women  - trust is real  - huff article points to men to do their part . both are important . thank   you for sharing your truth
if it bends it  s funny . if it breaks it  s not . many women in hollywood and beyond are feeling very broken . read the room dude .
salute : grateful to service women and veterans who have borne the battle fought the invisible war of and spoke out to help their sisters and brothers end the stigma and start the healing . 
disgraceful .  and they want to know why women are afraid to come forward to speak out ?  how many at last count ? we are not playthings and we are not  2 and class citizens .  if it weren t for women men would not exist !
there s a movement happening right now as actresses and athletes and powerful females everywhere speak up to take their power back .
million women use  hashtag to share sex attack experiences following alyssa milano  s call to unite .
instant  message pretty sure you d be hard pressed to find a grown woman that hasn t been sexually harassed ever ?
unfortunately in my culture  - back in the day  - sexual assaul was viewed as no big deal ! now shaking  my  head
n no that is way far from anything i desire as a liberal . i want peace help 4 all suffering people i denial  of  normal  t want ugly god denial  of  normal  t like ugly
as exploded over the weekend burke saw the hope and empathy that she knew those words could inspire in the women who chose to tweet .
i got fired & had to drop out of post grad . classes fort collins . my boss of bosses said most women want to be beaten . & wouldn t take it back . started hugging me .  
the reason women  denial  of  normal  t tell  is because of asses like these men ! you will find out that wom rn matter won  t have rights too ! we are not to be treated lesser than men !
i don 't want to go into details instant  message still not okay & i don 't like people knowing but .  you re definitely not alone .
to anyone who shares their story you are brave . every story matters . you matter . instant  message listening & want to help . this must stop !
as a professional educator in mental healt instant  message simply going to keep pressing info forward on portals of error and change .
i can t believe instant  message doing this but i  have only spoken privately and not so openly about the one man i trusted the most in the world . the other two i was too ashamed .
my assailant got house arrest . i got a life sentence with ptsd nightmares depression daily thoughts of self harm to end the pain .
mother s talk  your sons about and make sure they get the message loud n clear . you get what u give in life .
but his life is ruined and worthy of a book in prison right ? instant  message pretty sure he s still designing clothes .
i had done nothing to encourage harass men assault but i left quietly to get the  wks severance which i really needed .
other fucking feelings i have about people posting reply : i actually don 't know a woman who hasn t been threatened by words or actions
more men should listen to the discussion going on about harvey weinstein and workplace sex harassment . you might recognize yourself .
you respond this way and yet question why women don 't come forward ? read the sick responses on and maybe you ll start to understand 
if a man doesn t know any woman who has been sexually assaulted none of the women in his life trust him . listen to those saying
it angers me that women have felt the need  2 keep these stories hidden  4 decades in fear of what might happen if they came forward .
if all women who  ve been sexually assault e wrote  me too  as status we might give people a sense of magnitude of problem .
( men reply : if you feel the need to add your voice you re missing the point  -  - listen ; ( ( aware of the irony there ) ) ) .
thank you for bravely sharing your story you re a good man and soul & your voice will resonate . i stand with you i believe you .
this is actually a great list . wish every male boss over  shoulder ( and men who aspire to management ) had a copy framed on his wall . 
thank you all for the wonderful generous real - time strategy today for  - especially incredible guest post on my web log
isn t this your best friend ? best friends with a man who takes pride in gross misconduct and sexual abuse in the work place
unfortunately if all women who have been sexually harassed wrote it we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
gosh i denial  of  normal  t know ? maybe because social media has allowed for the conversation to take place ? we aren  t just listening to the story on the news ; we are participating in the conversation .
over  years ago and it destroyed my life changed me forever i live a life full of guilt shame fear and silence .
the sad reality is every woman you know has a story . i do . as an adult i  have been cat called harassed intimidated by strangers .  /
the power is in the hands of the survivor  - jeff s web log on the latest sexual abuse scandal in hollywood . 
- a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago  - oh and by the way
harassment started for me at a young age . i remember at  not wanting to play outside anymore because of some neighborhood creeps
i put my story on twitter but not fb . i don 't want to explain to family don 't want to answer questions . it s just easier here .
she started for young black women and girls who were survivors of sexual abuse and has been doing this work for years
i am so grateful to live in an age where we are open to fighting and dealing with the horrific consequences of sexual violence
i look forward to the day when means instant  message an elected official and nothing else . let s do this . donate :
upsetting to see so many tweets this isn t another hashtag it s reality . hopefully guys see this as a wake up call we need to be better
the first time i was sexually assaulted i was  . the last was when i was  . it doesn t matter what you wore if you were sober if you were drunk if you were dating if ( s ) he was a stranger . no one has the right to put their hands on you if you don 't explicitly say so .
that s just a small piece of my story . instant  message sure it won t be over until instant  message dead . this is shit we go through & are ignore
. alyssa _ milano urges sexual harassment victims to share their stories on social media   1  0  6  6 live
sexual assault survivors are posting me too on social media to show how widespread the problem is . you re not alone .
rape is a devastating crime . so is lying about it . lazy journalists can be as dangerous as derelict detectives & prosecutors driven by political agendas instead of facts . when bandwagons form in the midst of a panic innocent people get run over . 
there are men shaking their bewildered heads today . they had no idea what they were doing was wrong and unwanted . let s send them empathy and compassion . just kidding .
on the day that thousands of women publicly admit in the uk turns the sky dark and the sun deep red . i quite like that .
why does there even need  be a film  out these people ? instant  message just a lay person in middle america and this is serious question .
moves fr social media  streets in hollywood on sunday . makes sense as abuse rampant in entertainment
yes worth the read . especially for men struggling to understand the totality of the movement and how they can help be part of the change . 
if you re a man who hasn t assaulted or raped a woman no one is blaming you . if you have change . my  year old son knows better .
like them a lot and feel respected . but i think rape culture is so ingrained in our society it s hard for some men to realize
what it  s like to watch men like alabama senate candidate roy moore as a conservative and as a sex abuse survivor .
by chance started to talk to my  year  old about dating . this is just the beginning . i never want him to be the cause of someone s story . 
i have had to physically push assailants off me run away refuse verbally repeatedly and forcefully and face near daily harassment .
no words to explain how i feel reading all the stories . then i see people around & wonder and ask : how to educate them ?
pervert on the hashtag exploited at least one story ( mine ) i deleted it . instant  message not afraid to talk about it but rting is not wanted .
beyond the catcalling street harassment & getting groped at clubs i was also cyber  - stalked & harassed by an ex s uncle .
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney adds her courageous voice and horrifying story to campaign . my column :
if all people who  ve been sexually harassed assaulted wrote me too as status people may get sense the magnitude of the problem .
as campaign picks up mckayla maroney brings forward she was sexually abused by usa gymnastics doctor 
to everyone sharing their stories of sexual assault : thank you for your bravery . we see you . we believe you . we stand with you .
me too . but it shouldn t fall on survivors to keep re telling their stories . men must join in calling out abuse when they see it .
to every woman sharing stories of sexual assault and sexual harassment thank you for your bravery to speak up . you re not alone .
pretty sure i was verbally harassed online for a year or two on and off . i don't know if i saw it that way back then but i think i do now .
at the beginning of my career . thought i just had to keep quiet and take the harassment . so glad i know better now !
all of headshot a close friend of mine sexually harassed me but he always had a girlfriend and i told him off constantly so thought i was okay (
can t even keep up with all the high profile men being called out for inappropriate and violent behavior in the wake of the hashtag .
i have seen posts from family friends and neighbors bravely sharing their experiences with sexual harassment and sexual assault .
new  york  city about  sexual predator got me alone in a room at the hey harvard revoke his members hi
i  m personally still too ashamed to share my publically . i denial  of  normal  t fucking know why as i shouldn  t carry the burden anymore
posts bring attention to sexual assault issue in the wake of the harvey weinstein allegations
i stalked someone i was in love with online for years and instant  message ashamed of it to this day . instant  message never getting near girls again 
top story : hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories   see more 
me too . all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted write me too . we can give people a sense of the magnitude of the issue
/ con  t : diana thank you for graphically telling the story of your coach and the harsh internal dialogue it left you with . you have created openings for others to speak out and needed changes . 
i  have been followed home harassed scared cat called violence is a daily reality for all women
i don 't think i have a female friend who hasn t experienced sexual harassment or assault . guys . you got   to do better .
although i honestly denial  of  normal  t know any women who have never been harassed or abused or raped at some point in their life .
i hope those saying this week shed even more light into how pervasive sexual assault and rape culture are historically and today .  /
someone you know is a survivor of sexual violence . love to those raising their voices and those who feel unsafe doing so . 
any man who writes to their time line this week is officially boycotting pussy for  2 years . good luck dumb ass
is a powerful campaign aiming to bring people into discussion on by sharing personal narratives of assault . popularized by over scandal the movement has gained immense popularity !
dedicated to all women : it took me quite a long time to develop a voice and now that i have it . i am not going to be silent . please rt
sadly the more i think about my life experiences  harass men comes in many forms from strangers coworkers and even friends .
thanks for your tweets  - instant  message a northwestern journalism student writing a article  - you willing to talk to me ?
i dare you to bother reading stories with try to put yourself in rape victims shoes  - you are part of the problem you just can  t see
back in the  8  0 s a teen you thought it was normal for boys & men to grab your ass or touch you inappropriately
so unless a young woman sues a guy or presses charges it wasn  t rape ? !  you  reply an asshole ! unwanted contact is never acceptable !
olympic gymnast mckayla maroney posts her story says she was sexually abused by team doctor via 
good that campaign caught on . never would have known otherwise that the problem was so prevalent . now need to uproot this evil as soon as  possible . 
emotionally abused & ultimately sexually assaulted in my own house in  . just now starting  to get over trust issues it caused .
over  years ago and it destroyed my life changed me forever lived a life full of guilt shame fear and silence .
to be clear i  m pretty sure every woman has a story or a hundred . sharing them is powerful . keeping them private is also okay . 
so many of us have been groped abused harassed . may this be the time that puts a halt to it . with we  ve become empowered to tell about it right away silent no more !
dear feminists of  - why are you not clamoring to remove all works by sexual abuser in h wood ? aren t they as emblematic of hatred & sexism as say .  flags and statues ? don 't they deserve your outrage & action ?
as a trans guy my rapes don 't count no matter when it happened . gender based violence happened . body and i d exempt
i am so pissed this  4  5 jerk can keep repeating down and breaking shit while i watch . election ptsd instant  message a woman sick of the deceit !
you have every right to write your story . you re under no obligation to share it unless you want to . don 't worry about :  -  - will they believe me ?  -  - who will read it ?  -  - what happens next ? just and figure out the rest of that motherfucker
seems like a lot of men are unwillingly posting their own versions of stories but something about them feels .  different . i can t quite put my penis on it though .
this precise statement is why women don 't come out when it happens & reluctantly do so  years later . wouldn t believe them at any point . read twitter & get a sense of just how many have been assaulted & never said anything .
of course but really liked this post . tough  luck ; dr all women already know and believe this happens to all women . 
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted write we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
instant  message so very sorry all of this has brought back of a time when i had no power no voice . now it s too late . there should be for regardless of age .
all this talk has triggered a memory that i denial  of  normal  t feel comfortable sharing but is causing me some extreme anxiety and shame .
pr news : week  of louis c . k . and roy moore face sexual misconduct allegations .
pr news : week  of louis c . k . and roy moore face sexual misconduct allegations
reminder : if a woman didn t post it doesn t mean she wasn t sexually assaulted or harassed . survivors don 't owe you their story .
reminder : that if a woman didn t post it doesn t mean she wasn t sexually assaulted or harassed . survivors don 't owe you their story
reminder that if a woman didn t post it doesn t mean she wasn t sexually assaulted or harassed . survivors don 't owe you their story .
empowered women empower women : to share their story to be their best selves & to stand together creating a better tomorrow .
how do we raise awareness when this campaign ends ? instant  message sick of normalized rape culture in our society .
i denial  of  normal  t think i  ve ever met another woman who hasn  t been sexually harassed . and i know so many victims of assault . we all do .
yep it s  instant  message thrilled & on my way to the starting line of my first triathlon . walk through a park ; man pulls down his pants ; i run .
instant  message so sad for you that feel compelled to inform you : rape is different from choosing to have sex . please remove you don 't get it .
major . actor breaks silence says kevin spacey assaulted him at  years . campaign inspired him to speak up . 
i cannot count the times i have been assaulted or harassed but i sure as hell know i am invincible . i refuse to stay silent now .
i ask parents to talk to their children about sexual support them when they are abused & help them heal my mom did not .
femm folks deserve healing & love & happiness & safety . our voices matter in the conversation about sexual violence .
instant  message a northwestern journalism student writing an article about  - any chance you d be willing to talk to me about your event ?
donald pussy grabber trump repeatedly raped a  year old girl . epstein taught him sex trafficking tips via modeling agencies and beauty pageants . was an early victim but she has stockholm syndrome and can t say stop the pussy grabbers
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence 
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence : via
harassed at my  1 stop  that job by a doctor . publicly groped by my ex  - husband . harassed by a coworker in my  2 and job . abusive boyfriend . no more .
talking to a friend about who observed  men our age weren  t raised on consent .  i pray we  reply changing future generations
if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the peanut   butter
if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote as a status people might get a sense of the magnitude of the problem
my first job in journalism . i froze . instant  message grateful a male colleague came & got me out or it could ve been much worse .
men need to stand up to toxic masculinity . call out sex is acts . change their behavior . we need men to pledge to that .
a coworker often talked about my body a boss spanked me a stranger kissed my neck many men followed me a man chased me to my car .
i hope is helping thousands to heal . on a personal level people are sharing stories that very often have only silently been held .
as social media feeds fill up w / posts & tales of here s hoping that the men in our workplace wake up to this pervasive issue .
every feed is filled with stories . strength and love to all those sharing listening and feeling the truth of this movement .
we as society must work together to change and provide a prevent iv i ve and empowering platform and strong support network for victims
more need to breakaway from the current republicans beliefs . there are decent but they  reply not in the white house . time to walk away & embrace decency 
and isn t it sad and horrible that i feel like instant  message one of the lucky ones because i  have only been sexually harassed not assaulted ?
as a women  - made  to look bad company we take this issue to heart . read our response to the movement here :
i have been harassed and groped by women as well . a girl i associated with in a club in high school came up behind me and grabbed
well this this is a win . the liked this taking a stand against internet porn . cc it could be the start of a great trend in the new feminism . instead of cc
as a child and adult .  even as an old lady . the old boys club is getting caught now ! we must be brave and strong and say !
i went to  5 th  -  8 th grade with gal i so cropped out her details . i want you to understand what sexual abuse does to a little girl saying
men get away because laws are intentionally pliable . working in state i learned process politicians protect affluent & peers .
the horrifying things i read today on facebook on the hashtag .  may every single man of these harassers rot in hell .
hey courtney ! i work at boston  news are were doing a story on the campaign tonight . would you want to talk with us ?
[ with when the  locker room talk  scandal of trump broke last year .  ( click to read the full story
go click the link in our bio and learn where came from ! huge thank you to miss for starting this incredible movement
it s all well and good tweeting in support of posts but create an atmosphere where you re friends know  . you won t accept poor behaviour &  . that they can confide in you and be trusted and valued .
is enough . i don 't owe you my story . i don 't deserve to be victim blamed for stepping forward . male or female support your people
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed wrote as a status we may give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if all women who have been sexually harassed wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
me too . if all the people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
me too . if all of the people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as their status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
u state woman alexis but would like to bring to your attention that boys & men also experienced being sexually assaulted or harassed . 
apparently is too real for when instant  message harassed and report it never seems to violate their community standards ; but heaven forbid a man or two gets called out .
if all the women sexually harass e wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who ve been sexually harass e wrote me too as a status we give people a sense of magnitude of problem .
if all women who have been sexually harass e wrote me too as status we might give people a sense of magnitude of the problem
if women who have ever been sexually harass e wrote as a status ; we give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem !
if all the women who have been sexually harass e wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
oh my fucking god . hard to watch from a woman . she is why women denial  of  normal  t speak up 
alarming and sad . assault in general keeps us from moving forward as a society and in the dark with fear . it has contributed a lot
seeing all of these posts makes me want to give every single woman the biggest hug and say thank you for being so strong !
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the problem .
.  as a victim instant  message proud to say i did stand up and put a monster away for  life sentences . thank you
instant  message hopeful that this will change the future conversations when victims come forward tell you about their abusers say their names
the payout .  we taxpayers who toil at  of males salary .  are a party to these payouts . contracts to protect crimes are bogus . we won  t pay ! expose the sexual predators . no more bill clinton s
if you ve been sexually harass e instant  message heartbroken for you . can t imagine . grateful i wasn t . hope you find peace & healing .
i rarely tweet but i had to log in to say i am a survivor of child sex abuse of sexual assault of workplace sexual harassment .
ajenglish : this is bigger than a moment in time . we spoke to tara na burke the woman behind campaign  
ajenglish : this is bigger than a moment in time . we spoke to tara na burke the woman behind campaign   
1 stop  that time i was sexually harassed i was  walking home from school . a teenage boy said hey sexy as he passed with his friends .
with the stories that have people outraged + surprised at magnitude of problem take a moment to notice how many started as children .
rape culture is thinking to yourself does my experience count ? for the longest time i didn t believe mine did . copy paste share .
the senate and assembly need to set up an independent entity to investigate such matters . both houses should establish a policy of publicly releasing details of harassment cases and identifying the perpetrators . amen 
sigh . i have been tried once in the early days of my legal career . every time i see this person i get an uneasy feeling
i have my second stream tonight ! i ll be talking about and boundary setting for survivors . want to challenge the good survivor narrative ? this stream is for you . tune in at  pm est !
blamed myself because i was drunk & put myself in a dangerous situation over my head . a group assault . still feel responsible .
maybe is only interested in predatory behavior except when it s buddy   - time accused rapist hey want to comment here or do you support this too ?
powerful thread . sometimes just saying the words aloud helps with healing . i hope everyone hears these women . 
it was small but it s happened  times . ( instant  message  ) my heart goes out to all who were or have been affected by this . god bless .
elizabeth perkins names james woods on a sign at women s march  via is terrible . not surprised .
i stand in solidarity w / every woman attacked demeaned or scared to silence after being sexually ass ulted ! i love you i give u my
hashtag highlights the changing face of protest and the power of social media in creating global movements .  
i wore baggy men  s clothes and didn  t wear the stuff i wanted to because i was afraid of more male attention . it happens to everyone
in my career  different men suddenly grabbed me and kissed me on lips . one was at a job interview . i pushed away . once i froze .
i was thinking instant  message lucky not to have ever been sexually assaulted . but then a friend and i started chatting about it and i guess i have been . damn .
welcome to is a great example of people have used social media a form of tech to raise awareness & connect with others ! 
. alyssa _ milano says trump is giving women a feeling of urgency that they need to change things   1  0  6  6 live
if all the women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we  d show a sense of the issue  s magnitude .
i was  years old . he was at least  . he molested & touched me . i felt dirty ashamed but not more today instant  message a fighter instant  message pure .
on & social media : it said sure we may share with the world this beautiful latte foam art but we are super angry and sad too .
all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted tweet me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
i  ve seen a lot of tweet posts talking about times women have been sexually assaulted or harassed . unsurprisingly
when i was a temp in my  2  0 s i worked as a spot welder & a manager sitting at a break table sexually harassed me in front of workers .
at a bar on my way to class in the grocery store at my job at a wake gathering at a friends house sleeping . every woman has a 
you denial  of  normal  t have to believe me . i lived it . it  s now about helping other people in the world scared to stand up to their abusers .
someone ask rose mcgowan where s her anti weinstein & me too support to rt & favorite auntie maxine ! fake 
hi tony i have a video camera i am naked would you like to watch ? then it s tony fuck me hard big boy or tony why are you not answering my messages ? this harassment has to stop . enough is enough !
if you re the kind of man who * in  * is surprised about shit   happens you re either not listening or not a safe person for women to talk to .
refuse to give the creep the time of day flip him off call him out  - you re the real bitch or psycho . but hey he s just being nice .
date rape . told to lift my skirts if i wanted to get ahead . three bosses tried to get into my pants . laid off twice while pregnant .
might sound crazy the  1 stop  that abuse i remember being aware of was that of a man being physically and verbally abused by his wife
it took me  years to admit that to close friends and  more years to say it publicly . instant  message still hurt but i refuse to be ashamed .
seriously ? that is what you got out of my post ? a man jacked off in from of me at  and the smell of chlorine brings it back to me and you re pushing a product at me ?  fuck you phil !   - holy shit . i cannot believe he just did that . yes i can .
from strangers from family from old men from boys from my friends dad from walking to my car from instructors from bosses .
there was no trial . stop trying to put off women & men who already find it difficult to speak up about abuse .  steps forward  steps back
i told a man he needs to condemn his rapist friends to end violence against women . his response : why are you telling me all of this ?
i waited  years to tell my story . you in the twitterverse are the only ones that are even aware i have one . knowing there are so many of us though makes me realize that it doesn  t define me and gave me the strength to share it .
or the this campaign is great as long as we can talk about how instant  message not like that and you acknowledge that before we move on team
i denial  of  normal  t want to hear about all the things that happened when you were in the army . why ? are you uncomfortable ? how do you think i feel ?
sending a huge wave of support to survivors who bravely shared their stories this past week !
it happen to me too by males & yes females in power . ladies we want all to take notice . no means no !  be i parc at south green apartments
i am disgusted ( but not surprised ) that men like are defending actions as consensual . let s review what consent means : wasn t under influence of drugs or alcohol coerced mentally incompetent or under  and she said yes . any questions ?
good point cooper  it  s also no coincidence that the countries that oppresses women  s freedom to speak out w threats of physical verbal financial & emotional retaliation oppresses women  s civil liberties  let us stand up .
i banged on a random neighbors door to escape a group of men who had grabbed me at a tube station and tried to follow me home .
do humanity a favor : do not waste time on groping or hazing that happened decades ago or is revealed cause career went badly .
the more and more of my friends i see post the more my heart breaks . and the more i just want   to give everyone a hug & cry together .
if all women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
me too if all the women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote we can give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote this we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
john pavlov itz : the guys defending donald trump right now are the reason my social media feeds are filled with
me too . and instant  message sorry to the boys and men who are abused and assaulted too . wish had given you voice . 
this is always hard for women who have been abused to talk about . i finally feel free to say today that i am no longer your victim !
hollywood holds march against sexual harassment  - hashtag creator tara na burke leads march down h .
instant  message furious you still haven t given credit to the black woman who initially started the movement . so i just look at all your tweets like .
i don't know if it s hormones or what but this hashtag is making me cry . i knew every single woman has faced this but this is heart breaking
i was molested as a child . raped as a teen . harassed as a woman . silence is complicity . watch please !
all of these stories are making me cry . my story is from  years ago almost exactly to this day but i  m not quite ready to tell it .
a black woman created the campaign . glad to see it has movement but we still need to give credit . 
stats are clear .  we can all do better ! we need to call out bullshit . plus male feminists are hot . 
me too .  if all the women who have ever been sexually harassed or assaulted post me too as a status we might give others a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
sexually harassed / assaulted a couple of times around age of   -  1  3 year  old . haven  t really thought or spoken about it much until now
it s interesting even my husband said why didn t they come out if everyone knew it . didn t know how to explain to him it s a he said she said situation and really still a man s world
blown away by the heart and the courage of but to all the women who aren  t ready to post  you  reply brave too . sending love
what  the  fuck s wrong with men ? i mean the enablers not sick fux mckayla maroney saying is eye  - opening  via
she yelled at us and told us not to tell anyone as she is having a hard enough time getting a long and didn t need us to make things harder on her .
anyway yeah please check out that hashtag . it s really important . i  have had other instances that i don 't want to talk about here .
i know my words bring up painful memories for some of you ladies . instant  message sorry for that . silence is what kills us .
love you may i m but in  my  opinion we took nothing out  of  character . instant  message a plain jane who too dresses modestly  still have experienced an unwanted ass slap .
later i figured out i wasn t the only one . my japanese roommate was too a victim . but she couldn t say it so i didn t know ! last time i saw his car i took out a pen and wrote down his license plate . soon he realized and drove away .
only if you mean that it s the same old playbook they always use to demean shame and silence assault victims . stop enabling these men ! and deserve better . and remember :
i am sad to have missed your smart talks at this week . you and de ondra have given me much courage to tell my story !
didn t begin with harvey weinstein . tara na burke started it more than  years ago to help young women .  
by myself at work . a man who worked at the store across the street . it was his last day and he was gone by the time my boss came
is simply about raising public awareness so that people will take responsibility for their actions / report abuse
dear ms . winfrey instant  message  mom of  retired and  years ago i woke up from a  night  - mare i wrote the the molested smile .
if all men who have been sexually harassed molested or falsely accused wrote as a status we could see the real problem
this is just making me angry so instant  message going   to go to bed . you re all beautiful . you all deserve better . duh
now that there  s some public awareness of and can we retire sweet caroline ? the lyrics are disturbing when you know it  s about  year old caroline kennedy + the song sucks . they stopped playing it at penn stop  that games after the sandusky firing for a reason
how can i try explain my pain tears stolen confidence my stolen body and fear of being alone with men ? i want to start with
you re sick this is your headline ? !  kevin spacey sexually assaulted a  1  4 year old boy ! being gay isn t excuse  4 being a predator !
across social media people who have been sexually harassed assault e are saying to show how widespread the problem is .
because i thought people would blame me . because when i told my then  - boyfriend my story he rolled his eyes & said yeah okay . silenced for  years . 
is coming . every day more voices join us & we grow stronger . we know were not alone & won t be shamed into silence . 
todd i lived  blocks from most powerful agency in the business . i know exactly what you  reply talking about . tag your tweet with
reminder that it s completely okay for people to stay silent as people post a you don 't owe anyone a story on your trauma .
sexually harassed  times . during my internship at the bus station waiting on the bus to go class during my first year at ball state and during my sophomore year in high school .
my heart is with each of these survivors . i am going to show everyone that despite abuse we can grow up  live the life of our dreams !
nypd facing  counts .  how many go to jail ? victims in jails + prisons lapd full of rapist pedophiles sex predators 
blech . high school college my first job my  2  0 s .  too many gross unwanted encounters w older men to list in  characters
sexual harassment is when your boss at work thought it was okay to tell you  who  s going to want you when you  reply  ? 
i wonder if as an alabama states attorney roy moore prosecuted anyone for statutory rape ? someone might want to check the tape on that .
fabulous panel and a great discussion . for  your  information my oil company big wig harasser is dead so not sharing my story .
well . it s been a week . instant  message back on heart meds and trying to take shit a bit easier for a while . provoked some ridiculous stress .
i don 't want to deal with any of this and wish it would go away too so i get it ladies . i  have just reached the point of no return .
when people are posting me too on facebook for having experienced sexual harassment or assault and you re not sure if you count because you ve mostly only experienced verbal harassment .  this is how deep were in to this mess .
me too . if all women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted post me too we give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted post we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
never thought i d ever have to be that close to that person ever again . i almost let the emotions of the memory overwhelm me and ruin my best   friend time but i am stronger now .
finding an old boss on fb and sending him a scathing note about sexually harassing me years ago & never going to hour =
in a world of it s important we empower our girls . thank you for giving my  students a life changing experience
rt alia_e : did you post we want to talk to you about the responses you got ( or didn t ) . reach me on twitter or at ada stag ir usa today 
at age  i was sexually assaulted by some pervert who grabbed me walking home from school . other incidents followed .
i wrote out my story on facebook & i am overwhelmed by the support . i was concerned about the reaction . instant  message glad i was wrong . thanks .
in light of in the news and campaign re watching season  episode  of  american bitch .  always worth a watch . so potent so on the nose . thank you
professor at theatre school loved to comment on my busty clothing . instant  message proud i went to my schools hour but still fear retaliation
being groped at shows . running from a car who slowed down next to me to . being touched in a  friendly  way by dudes i kind of know .
thank you . i finally told my husband of  years last month due to the campaign . he was devastated it took so long for me to tell him
i believe in a restorative justice system . i think i need to always even for my rapist . and that s something instant  message working through
if you see people not doing this hashtag don 't assume that nothing has happened to them . let s be their voice . stand up for your family
to everyone sharing their stories tonight i want you to know that you re stronger and better than the person who hurt you
hollywood completely over  - sexualizes everything  - puts it in television movies and music then appears shocked when people act it out .
is a textbook abuser ! his statement of blame and anger towards the victims is what they do ! only a serial abuser would respond the way he did ! believe me i  ve heard it before ! it  s who they are !
afp : massive global response on social media triggered by sex abuse allegations against hollywood mogul we  
massive global response on social media triggered by sex abuse allegations against hollywood mogul we inste 
suffer in silence because we think it s only us .  when there are so many of us ! this is why i am grateful and proud of the movement . i you we are not alone and we hopefully stop it from happening to others when we do tell .
my parents and i never talk about sex . i just openly shared with them my stories . i  m so proud and feel so much better right now .
instant  message writing this because i don 't want others to experience the pain the victim shaming or the self  - blame .
has created a movement and it s breaking the silence . i myself am still learning to navigate all this information . i feel empowered and ready to grow from all of this . are magical .
based on the amount of naming & shaming happening around the conversation this is going to be a very awkward week for some guys i know
my favorite regular golf course i worked at was always so friendly and normal . until one day he said to write down in the tip section however much $ it would take for me to have sex with him
let her know we will continue to fight against her molester roy moore ( not honorable anything )  -  - and will do all in our power to make sure he does not get elected
we can and i tried the harassment was horrible this past year when i came forward about my female family member who assaulted me .
instant  message sharing my moment in the hope that my colleagues & curren staff who feel safe to do so will join me .
i haven  t followed details on this but i think that when we seem to be in a veritable frenzy of accusations reckless and false condemnation is a high risk . allegations need investigation and validation before we condemn anyone . 
it took me back to the time i didn t tell them that a man in chennai slapped my ass & i had looked into his eyes as he walked away .
this shows how important & powerful the movement is . keep telling your stories speak up you don 't have to be silenced anymore . 
i forgot the man at the door could see there . i will never forget the look on his face as i stopped laughing choking with fear .
cause they re saying uh i blew weinstein years ago . i hated it but i did it . did he force you ? no did you get a sweet movie role outta it ? yes okay you might ve traded your dignity for fame &
local advocates weigh in on the movement . tells they re looking for ways to keep the important conversation going .
he decided that taking time off work to find a  year old girl during a school break was acceptable . my family found out . (  )
/ what gives me hope though is this : the movement has shown there is a trend towards justice for victims of now that leigh co rf man and so many others have thrown their lives on to the altar of the body politic others will follow .
for being cat called so many times because instant  message a girl sending lots of love to everyone 
i spent  decades in silen c and then finally shared my story in books and web log posts . started too .
instant  message one of the lucky ones who s only been groped or harassed . it breaks my heart that so many more have been through far worse .
thinking beyond social media campaigns like .  what actions do we need to truly change as a society ? 
sexually abused by two family members and raped in my own home at the age of  . harassed by males i worked with .
got cat called twice this weekend and i did not feel flattered . not to mention the all the shit i get for playing smash competitively
. denial  of  normal  t tell us to do something evil gr in  pop up on the bed  . ask if we d like to  explain why . accept no as an answer
predators denial  of  normal  t care . they thrive on making you powerless . that  s their way of exerting their  power  . women are still afraid to talk
yelling no . pushing back . not having my actual dude friends believe me that this happens to some degree every day . start believing .
while we  reply at it twitter close sex predator bill o  reilly s account . i  m sickened every time he tweets
tara na burke started the movement more than  years ago to help woman who have been sexually harassed .
while i do not think all men are predators i would wager all women have been harassed . we shouldn t have to me too for people to believe that one can just really listen to women to know .
every young person thinking about going into the industry should read this  ellen page says brett ratner outed her  
once a more  - senior work colleagues partner assaulted me during a house party . no one noticed . he didn t even make eye contact .
i  m be been stalked grabbed consent ( by a google  it  retard as a child ) drugged at a bar & date raped . it  s time to do better .
more and more children are surviving horrendous things growing up in their own war zone where they aren t even given a weapon to fight back . we grow and we fight . we are not victims of sexual abuse and we aren t survivors . we are warriors .
i just took a brave step forward by admitting my experience on snapcha stories . i never spoke of it before in public .
is powerful . i see that . i feel that . also want fellow white women to consider how it might be different for women of color .
early supporter : the legal system might not be perfect but it is all we have standing between democracy & anarchy . trial by media may seem justified but it is a long way from real justice . 
as one of the first female television sports reporters in boston back in the  8  0 s i heard many crude words shot my way in the locker room .
shows us that our city is home to too many survivors . thank you for your courage & for starting important conversation about assault .
raped by my high school ex  - boyfriend . harassed at work . it  s been almost a decade and i  m just now learning to live with it . 
do i really need to type for you to know i  ve been sexually harassed ? does the fact that i  m female not automatically give it away ?
happened to i was married told him tried to get him to leave me alone but he was a big guy & insistent . terrified me . 
a child a woman is told her entire life she s the weaker sex & then it s beaten into her metaphorically & physically she then lives in fear hate rage
please don 't try to stifle our voices . we have been silenced for too long . stand with us good men for your wives daughters & mother s .
ignored every time when reported : keep quiet be a good girl student employee no more ! i have a daughter . i now because
you need to add  will give shade to pedos  to your bio . is a lie created to steal the soul of humanity ! make sure to repeat to your kids if they  reply ever in our shoes . 
black woman who is the original creator of the campaign tara na burke to lead march in hollywood  via
spoke w / reply : & the need for long  - term change . the offenders can t wait for this news cycle to run it s course .
this is not okay . we need the men in our lives to listen believe support us when we share stories . and tell us
bravo world for your brave firing of billy bush and harvey weinstein and donald trump . oh wait .
friendly reminder that it  s not our responsibility to relive our trauma just so you can finally see what  s right in front of you  be i sarah lawrence college
rose using n*gger  in tweets then delete it ( screen shot though ) . alyssa milano on twitter saying but too ignorant to know tara na exist
two things timely for la school district youth and family what is in general and where to report it in california  has some risks for the general public in like circumstances 
take a look as i call out govt pigs whose words led to our rape culture that allows this type of scandal :
what s happening ? i ll tell you .  it takes courage . i stand with those who have suffered in silence or continue to suffer know this :
my best friend in high school . i felt guilty and blamed myself . it was years before i could call it what it was : assault .
years back i told prez of co i worked  i was sexually harassed he called the guy in asked him if it was true then they laughed
multiple times starting in junior high with a male gym teacher later a summer job boss and then many more time .
.  this caused me to have a full blown panic attack in the middle of my work . he got to keep his job . i was told not to come back .
one day some brave young woman will come forward like i did over a decade ago and i will stand right by her side .
because at work a popular podcast voice / former news anchor grabbed my butt on the stage & i was told not to make a fuss because he s famous
same here ! .  now if we could just get alyssa milano to give credit to a black woman for starting we d be alright ! shaking  my  head
i felt the same way . comforting to know instant  message not alone but heartbreaking to see how many people have experienced this .
- please give the credit and thanks she deserves for doing this work for a decade before your hashtag .
on the l train coming home from a very long run . at least  other men in the car saw and did nothing .
sad day when your social media is covered in posts . hoping real change comes from this .
first real job coworker double my age repeatedly called me  sexy librarian  because i wore glasses . told me he wanted to  eat that ass 
broader view on weinstein and effect on politics . is the weinstein effect something new to politics or have sex scandals always occurred in this manner ? does it mean something different for democrats than for republicans in terms of cleaning house &  ?
i wonder why it s not so much on japanese media coverage .  they tend to feature anything that s a big social issue in us ? does that mean they don 't think it relates to us ? or it relates too much that they are afraid ? .  it s not about weinstein it s about you ! us !
singing dear little girl as your last song tonight felt like a story for us all to hear . thank you for telling your story
every single female friend i have has been sexually harassed or assaulted in some way and that breaks my fucking heart
fr i only shared the assaults i could . happened in college too but the dude has told everyone it was consensual to  fuck me right ?
it s time for americans  and especially democrats  to face the allegations against bill clinton or it is okay if the guys a liberal ? .  
talking to a friend the other day and neither of us could name an adult female we know who hasn  t been sexually harassed or assaulted
my stories aren  t that bad but i want to stand in solidarity with everyone who has experienced harass men we  reply here for you
me  years . before my step father a dr . had sex for the  1 stop  that time . as a survivor the flood of survivors coming forward is both devastating & in piring .
heartbreaking to see how many people have been hurt by this ; i hope for a better world as we teach love and respect for others .
i started a solid conversation in reaction to on fb . i wanted to talk about what are ways to create good from our stories .
he was my boss . powerful . older . and a  respected  community leader . i was  lucky  not to get fired for saying no .
great .  we need this . thanks . however we ( esp black women ) are still wondering when u will give credit to a black woman who started
ajenglish : didn t start with harvey weinstein tara na burke the woman behind me too speaks to al jaz  
even though i refuse to let my past control my present or my future i work to bring awareness so one day another won t go through it
is legitimate making a difference in our industry !  everyone please pay attention ! instant  message so proud !  
if you re female & have been sexually harrassed in the workplace . it may lead to awareness start some changes .  & break the internet
thank you maren . that means a lot . i have been feeling such a mix of emotions : anger that this is still so prevalent and relief that were finally talking about it and saying enough !
true life this happened to me in barcelona  - i still feel gross and i  ll never forget the creepy smile of the guy doing it . 
i don 't have anything to prove by standing up but in my experience everyone thinks they  reply alone in their suffering when we keep quiet
please rt : special event tonight   - on reply  - writing rape & recovery with on our books  - free to attend !
i was raised right but i  m awkward . i truly hope i never come close to giving a woman a moment . i  m raising w / it in mind
overwhelmed w / level of support for my fb post . nearly cried at church choir practice when my choir dad told me he was proud of me .
i  have seen a lot of posts on social media and i wanted to share some trauma books for survivors & therapists 
got my ass slapped  unintentionally  at work an older man asked me to name a price to sleep with him ; the boss was there laughing
it s a life changing terror . my whole life has been altered in ways i still can t explain  years later . every pr editor saw my wound .  and the they flocked . as if they smelled my fear i tried so desperately to hide .
i think this one has done more for making people realize just how widespread the problem is . sadly will they do anything about it ? that s the big question .
it s still hard to say & it happened  years ago . instant  message a survivor of rape . sad that this is what we have to do to acknowledge a problem
for those ( regardless of gender ) taking a stand or not okay being public  - we must admit this is a huge cultural issue . how to change ?
just in via  - mckayla maroney join es movement reveals allegations about usa gymnastics doctor molestation
pathetic liberals lawmakers ! i see the company you keep ! birds of a feather ! maybe atheist should look to pass laws that protect children from pedophiles !
all indians rejoicing at harvey weinstein case and going now crying for due process after published list of offenders
i  have been told that someone very powerful wanted my family case to become cases and to go as it has . wonder who supports
the stories have initiated an important conversation across the country . in a new aca blogs post christine go ertz don 't c are phd shares her experiences and perspective on gender bias in the chiropractic profession .
tough to put plain ol domestic violence perps in jail . not super optimistic about rich powerful guys making license plates .
child girl woman & rest r precious & god given gifts  2 humankind . supporting grtst effort  2 stop wrong doing against gifts of humankind .
me too . . i  have told the story on twitter before how about  1  5 years ago some random guy grabbed my chest as i was standing at the bus stop 
sophomore year in college . i woke up floormate  s visiting brother on top of me . i fought back & got away but he raped a friend .
rt d thread because this is an important issue and we have a chance to change society by continuing to speak out & share our stories 
if your college organization school pta or church group wants me to come speak about consent of the hashtag hit me up .
read article . hey journalist tried to assault a child . hope mr . talese s ignorance will trend on twitter and his fellow journalists 
if u have been sexually harassed or assaulted write as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if you ve been sexually harassed or assaulted write as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
essential problem is men often think w / their d*cks  . then use violence or abuse of power to get their way . gets it right .
getting ready to present new position statement to geology & public policy committee meeting today . forward ! to ending
let  s be real + super duper clear on black woman activist queen tara na burke . started the
a trusted family member told the victim who d experienced seven years of sexual assault by a friend of the family to keep quiet .
catcalls . dudes calling me terrible names because i didn  t want to talk to them at the bar . pretending i have a boyfriend to be left alone .
everyone has a different way of coping & feeling empowered . i wish systems were more set up to help survivors ( employers schools )
rt raquel will is_ : just so were clear was started by a black woman . know her name : tara na burke .
for those survivors still suffering : keep going . find strength in the things and people you love . there is hope
from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps coverage of sex u  
it s funny how suddenly everyone is giving sad face reacts to these statuses but laughed after the incident actually happened
tried  2 get a long w person in power  - like abused child tries  2 please abusive parent 
i was   9 th grade walking to school at  . an older man jumped out from a tree grabbing himself and saying lewd things . i ran .
.  grabbed groped rubbed against verbally abused & as i mention in this video stalked for years by someone i knew .  
i hope your career goes up in angry   comments ! pervert louis c . k . responds to accusations :  these stories are true 
first time was at age  . and when i tried to tell someone they didn t believe me . anyone wants to talk instant  message here .
the church cannot ignore this tragic reality pastor leaders : it s time to listen learn repent & discuss this issue 
rt : in the real world we call this rape . raped a woman and paid her to keep her quiet .
had a man try to shove his hand up my dress on a crowded bus . been hollered at x1000000 . have had my hair touched multiple times .
i was being helpful by giving advice my friend but he tried to force himself on to me . i fought and screamed and told him to stop .
powerful testimony by friends and colleagues on social media . i see you . i believe you . i commit to helping make things better .
saying hey that s not cool . please stop . if you laugh it off then sit on it for years only to say woes me you look dumb ass face
by a sitting us lawmaker in front of a room full of people . by coworkers in every job i  have held . by strangers on the street .
if you haven  t read the stories behind the many hashtags go and do that now . heartbreaking but so important to share . strong ladies !
last week i spoke about the trauma many face with domestic abuse . on monday there were over   tweets showing how prevalent
meet tara na burke in a conversation and q & a regarding her movement ! tomorrow  in the cultural center theater !
. even wrote college essay about how i reacted when guy on subway stuck hand up skirt ( yelled pervert ! & hit got in
denial  of  normal  t minimize male rape . knowing the stigma many male victims denial  of  normal  t speak up in fear of being shamed for being sexually assaulted .
i  ve been fairly quiet this week reply : homework and and white feminism because it  s hard to heal when we have to keep saying this .
i hate the fact that i had forgotten these two experiences until last night  s social media brought the memories back .
 she was supposedly   a . notice how the girl now woman is doubted blamed ? b . roy moore was  years older . c . this is patriarchal misogyny in action . d . come on alabama ! e . 
now r u beginning  get a glimmer of y victims denial  of  normal  t tell police knew but did nothing about  the problem  
of course this is not typical ( shouldn t be ) . i believe twitter can give people a voice like campaign . sadly a  - holes also get to speak .
a rather busty coworker commenting on the fact that our boss asked us not to wear revealing clothes at the company christmas party pointed to her breast and said :  well what do you think of these puppies  ?
high profile society disclosures are covered by media  - what about middle class .  so many coming out of closet shows how we assumed this is normal .
i the  hoe of  today this gen of kids hd it a little better & just got a mail from the school that a man exposed himself to m girls in the park
man i knew as my step father for  years reached under my skirt because he wanted to show me what happens when you dress like that
i am forever a damaged soul from inappropriately being touched as a small child by friends father s & raped at age
thanks anecdotal evidence suggests that most boys and girls suffer sex abuse  - literally everyone i  have asked . 
culturally we are seeing white ( male ) power & privilege trying to make it s last stand but  society is fighting back .
i decided to have a talk with my  year old daughter today because i denial  of  normal  t need what happened to me happen to her too .
i hope and his good ole boys club ideology are gone forever . if he never draws another pay check via media is fine with
to everyone who posted a status : thank you for sharing your story and your bravery . to those too afraid to post : you are strong too .
too many times to count . the first ?  years old . being followed home from swim practice cat called & lee red at by a middle aged man .
if you ve tweeted that today treat urself to something that u love : favorite movie show sport or just a fucking nap . you deserve it .
i think it s time for real men to step up and be better husbands father s brothers and friends . women deserve better .
unfortunately the real question is who hasn t ? i hope we raise daughters who are equipped to respond and sons who know better .
shows that it isn t just politicians & stars . is full of it including my boss who told me to sleep with a client to keep the act
rt ap from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps coverage  
dear fellow parents of young boys what is this campaign prompting you to plan for in raising your sons ? what have you done already ?
hey all  - sage events is putting on an event tomorrow in response to the movement . check out the details in the attached picture .
i  m seeing a lot of well  - meaning male friends on fb talking about i hope they are pausing to consider whether they have been the guy
it takes a man to admit when he s wrong . there are far worse people than i  have seen his show .  how are you surprised ? !
my second day at miami u i was sexually assaulted . instant  message still asked why i didn t fight back and why i never went to the police .
(  ) followed by a few male family members over the years until i was a young teenager & by school boys in  3 rd grade .
this  ! i hear my friends stories and think i didn  t have it that bad but it still traumatized me . i also denial  of  normal  t want my mom to know . 
i had a guy come up behind me at a bar grab my hair say he wanted rape me & laugh as he walked away .
if all who have been sexually harassed / assaulted wrote me too as status we might give people a sense of magnitude of problem .
thread of anonymous confessions . heartbreaking . my own has only been shared with my therapist . it s difficult embarrassing shameful ; this is why decades pass while victims suffer or bury their feelings . 
was feeling bad seeing all the posts on my timeline . good to see this event . like other biases needs to go ! 
i was  but looked  a grown  - ass married man tried to come for me luckily instinct took over and a knee to the creep kept me safe .
the sex power dynamic was part of our ed . profs knew they were doing it & we didn t . see : rando prof who came  my house  kiss me .
but in light of wide movements  - e . g . ( merely tip of the iceberg ) djt s misogynistic cabinet  - it s more than appropriate for s issues to take centre stage & for to shut up to listen & to reflect on
at age  a priest fondled me ; at age  a man molested me in a swimming pool dressing room ; at age  a man fully exposed himself to me on a girl scout trip ; at age  something was put in my drink and i was violently raped ; at age  sexually harrassed at work & more
at age  a priest fondled me ; at age  a man molested me in a swimming pool dressing room ; at age  a man fully exposed himself to me on a girl scout trip ; at age  something was put in my drink and i was violently raped ; at age  sexually harrassed at work .
there was a guy staring at me one day and i just got so nervous and i said please stop staring at me . i was raped when i was about  i did not talk about it until i was around  . you have shame and guilt like you did something wrong .
if true are you crazy ? don 't put this on the victims . child predators are  responsible for their actions control + manipulation . shame on you 
they re bored with women and so they call us hypocrites . they do forget that accusations of harassment and abuse were fully vetted found not credible and that the man was tried . they re scared they ll get caught for their misogyny and abuse .
alabama state auditor jim ziegler defended roy moore not by denying the allegations against him but by pointing out that mary jesus mother was a teenager . thread
sick of blind siding folks + taking credit . alyssa milano use your so called platform & donate & help her organization
me too . if every person who has been sexually harassed wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if tweets are gone and  are they are jewish or christian or us military . i  know am so sorry . the police and the place where i live know whom they are and refuse to say .
the torrent of harassment revelations through the movement may offer lasting benefits to workers affected by harassment u o law professor elizabeth tippett writes in
if all the survivors who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we give people a sense of the problem .
he was a classmate just giving me a ride home after a party . he stopped the car and said he was going to fuck me good .
if every person who  s been sexually assaulted wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
i have loved the ladies of for a long time . your words & your actions matter . i will stand beside you in this fight . you re not alone . 
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted posted this we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted posted this we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
a group of frat brothers came up to me on south side & screamed in my face i want to fuck you . admins ignored my e  - mails .
come by the cultural center theatre tomorrow night ! tara na burke will be talking about the movement . happy halloween !
what matters is that me too resurfaced tara na burke the lady who started it appreciates creating awareness that helps victims .
i was blackout drunk at a party and woke up in someone  s bed half naked . i was supposed to be happy about it according to friends 
all my dear friends statuses broke my heart & i really needed to make myself happy . started portlandia : best medicine
i was a teenage girl in in the  9  0 s so instant  message glad behavior like this is coming to light . i was harassed by too many old guys . 
proud to be a small part of tonight s on props to for moving the conversation forward & to panelists anita hill cc :
your monday wake  - up call : the porn magnate vs . donald trump . plus trends on twitter 
your monday wake  - up call : the porn magnate vs . donald trump . plus trends on twitter
adage : your monday wake  - up call : the porn magnate vs . donald trump . plus trends on twitter 
i lived in bama  + years trauma nurse uab four women came forth i absolutely believe them such courage roy moore is a monster women of bama unite
discussing the trend with family surprising reactions from men i had thought better of . bullshit like men are pigs & it s expected .
one guy stalked me from another state & came to mine . he broke in my computer . another i want to fuck you so bad .
i know is just the tip of the iceberg . to the women who can  t or denial  of  normal  t feel safe or denial  of  normal  t want to publicly disclose : i hear you too .
every woman i know has been sexually harassed if not assaulted or raped at some point in her life . make your voice heard
in middle school i remember boys trying to throw stuff down my shirt but not telling on them because i didn t want to look uncool .
if everyone who s been sexually harass e put me too as a status people will get a sense of the magnitude of the issue .
 point being much like in real life with comes it s nice  try burger king have it your way . what all that means otherwise it s counterfeit peace an excuse .
i wrote this web log my junior year and though the healing process can feel lonely you re never alone . go give it a read
if you are looking for support or want to help us take action join the & beyond facebook group .
all right guys it really is your turn now . we look forward to you breaking the silence and joining the conversation : 
if everyone who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote as a status we might give people the magnitude of the problem .
this week has made me really tired & brought back bad memories so i say but i acknowledge those who cannot speak out as well . your seen .
telling your spouse your boss is being inappropriate only to get the  you  reply a big girl i  m sure you can handle it  response .
i was raped by a boyfriend called ed . i have been harassed touched groped so many times . i will not be silent anymore .
after being followed while trying to walk home after repeatedly refusing their advances & saying the word  no  countless times 
very uncomfortable to add my voice here . but because it is part of my story my coming of age it would be worse to stay silent .
because of that guy in high school who felt like it was okay to look at my body judge it s unworthiness and tell everyone about it
if you  reply shocked by the number of people who posting start listening because what  s really sad is how unsurprising the posts are
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might show people the magnitude of the problem ! story 
so far the only man to react to my status on facebook is an ex  - boyfriend . he broke my heart but he still has my back . tears
i literally cannot take a   - minute walk without getting cat called at least  times . this country sucks .
i  m inspired by but honestly if you needed it to believe us fuck you . was three hours ago walking home from work .
the discussion was on the hashtag but soon turned into a colour issue . they  reply agenda is not based on reason or fact . just hate .
so if she waited  years it  s more credible ? how about  ? maybe she didn  t come forward precisely because of the fear of the backlash . the truth that it  s never okay to molest a child is timeless . ask the catholic church or were all those kids lying too ?
and girls stay silent because they feel the guilt & shame while the guys are high  - fived . it has to stop now . teach your boys !
that we  ve exalted serial abusers in hollywood wall street washington professional sports churches etc . is telling of who we are  /
if you do not feel safe enough or ready to share your story please know that we believe you and we support and love you .
age  a family member enters my bedroom .  someone i once loved and trusted .  thank god i was able to fight him off .
wow ! just brought me to tears ! when  ! such a powerful & impactful episode ! parents please watch with your children !
reading the tweets and i can  t believe how often so many men treat women of all ages like shit . men need to cut the shit yesterday .
here s is the f***ing  bastard ( lars de r ; how he looks aprox .  months ago ) who abused little boys ( even ) between  and  in holland and india !     via jonge kind eren s lach t offer holland s got talent
a boy named kenny put his hand up my skirt and grabbed me on the playground in  3 rd grade . he did it to all the girls . sigh
. if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if everyone who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
holy shit . lest us never forget the moment the second the walk jog day or night smile frown laugh nod .  when our gut said run
ap reports from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps cover  
brings back memories from the last  & a half decades most of which were spent struggling to live within a gender & not as a person
a former employer multiple ex boyfriends a co worker some random guy on the subway . and somehow l thought it was my fault
life goes on . just because we try to live normal lives doesn t mean it didn t happen or it s forgotten . is always on my mind
big & rich  - holy water [ official video ] via the posts have been quite a trigger in light of that .
damn fucking straight ! what goes around comes around and karma knows where they live . rose i am so sorry . i stand with u
acceptable : identifying victims as mother s daughters & sisters . unacceptable : identifying perpetrators as father s sons & brothers
the fallout of powerful male players in hollywood is being felt around the world . but were curious : is this fallout happening in your country s film and television industry too ? 
it s a rough life  sure & were taught by society  keep quiet . god forbid if you ve good looks .  me in headshot . innocence robbed . 
with the excuse he needed contact solution my boss came to my hotel room shoved his way past me then .
must  - read : sports world must end locker room talk culture  - the sports world is the last bastion of toxic masculinity  - sexism kryptonite is education and exposure 
i wrote this a year ago and today felt like the right day to share it . it doesn t hurt me anymore . i wish the same for you .
he was going to grab my breasts as he walked out behind me on bus . i heard recently deceased grandfathers voice in my head
 reading through my facebook feed and seeing all these posts . i was aware but blind . i am sorry . i hear you . i see you . i believe you . 
freshman year of college never reported it in fear of being seen as just a statistic took a month to tell my own mother out of shame . 
i  m a male who was abused and harassed horribly for coming forward against a female family member who assaulted me .
he followed me around for  years showing up at my school and house and sent me threats before the police took it seriously
he then went on to follow me on campus wait for me after night class write memos on how he would kill me if i didn  t take him back
as someone who survived an abusive relationship i can t find the words to explain how terrifyingly close this hits home .  
look at my face or call me on the phone . he stopped talking to me instead . ( good ! ) in my  3  0 s worked for mgr who thought it okay to
my  went to what was an audition that turned into a class . the auditions were class style and the cd had a girl improv a gross sexual situation while watching how my daughter reacted . i said let  s go and she said no and simply stared him down .
i was young and was walking in the street . someone made an inappropriate touch and ran away . i cried for a week .
i should not have been told in high school sex ed that if i walked alone at night it was my fault for being raped . enough is enough
a1 : it also give survivors the courage to speak out against it & realize they are not alone . see trending today !
i had a male teacher who hit on me in  1  1 th grade . i got out of his class . i took american lit . i had a female teaching that .
wow ! this is a real eye opener about the industry . makes it hard to bring in new blood . the ugly truth of print shows penises and | print media centr  via
this same hollywood manager who lives at home with his mommy in beverly hills tried slut shaming me when he was doing far worse .
even if it were a decent apology why did it take him  years & an impending presidential run in the wake of the ongoing revelations ? oh wait that question kind   of answers itself .
too much to discuss & hard to talk about . former bosses elders in the community i grew up in friends parents the list goes on .
with a healthy side of from additional bill clinton victims coming forward . no political reason to protect either anymore . 
screw that guy ! i am so sorry this happened to you . we all need to blow up social media to let them know this is wrong ! make this go viral .
kudos to all the reporters who continue to uncover the predators who have sexually harassed or sexually abused women in their past . keep digging . also out the people who protected them . keep going .
a lot of dudes saying  wow i had no idea  in response to which really shows how little they listen to us
had  year old skeez follow me home have been grabbed multiple times . always feel disgusting after like it s my fault it s not ladies !
name partner in large law firm forced rearrangement of seating chart at firm dinner so i plus other single female associate were seated on either side of him .
at  cat called by teen boys as i went down the stop  that . to a friends . at  a man grabbed my ass when my husband & i were on bourbon stop  that
groped in the back of a lyft last month grabbed and held in my favorite bodega last week cat called last night and most nights
when you  reply walking down the street with your date happy & laughing holding hands and some mother   fucker asshole lunges for you because lesbians .
for my wife multiple times by family and strangers . i  m glad i  ve been able to help heal some of the pain .
no one should be afraid to ride the bus or go on a train or walk the streets because they may be groped or abused . no means no
when a house or senate member is accused of sexual harassment the accused has to sign a n da before the treasury cuts them a check & we just hear about this ? why is usa paying & not that member of house & senate ?
haven t really been on twitter but  - from the boss that asked me to sit on his lap to being cat called at  & having my mom tell (  )
i worked at a job where the owner  s brother masturbated into the pocket of my coat that i left hanging in a break room . i  m sure if he  s still alive he  s still doing this .
 elizabeth perkins carried a sign saying james woods at a rally  same pee pee girl who advocates abortion in the  9 th month .  
no i wasn t weak because i didn t call the cops as a child who was sexually abused ! fact : most sexually & physically abused children don 't ! the weak are the child molesters who prey on the innocent ! 
oh from time immortal anywhere there have been men in power there has been the potential for sexual harassment of women . have you looked at lately ? in short : probably hopefully not but probably . 
i guess tonight i learned it s literally not safe to go to a bar without my husband attached to me all night and that sucks .
unless you have been targeted by a predator who is an authority figure you have no idea how horrible it feels . this article is just stupid and excuses bad behavior .
hey did alyssa milano ever clarify that she wasn t the one who started the hashtag and it was actually black activist tara na burke
i understand . it s absolutely horrific when somebody listens to your trauma & tells you that what you experienced was nothing & that you re some kind of fool for feeling violated .
to those sharing stories instant  message sorry that you have to do so . but we believe you we see you we support you & we need to do better .
speak up ladies and let your voice & truth be heard ! silence is not an option . our daughters nieces sisters etc deserve respect !
elizabeth perkins hold sign naming actor james woods at march  - daily mail 
hundreds of women and men joined a march in hollywood to protest against sexual abuse and harassment .
i am shocked at the amount of posts from friends and even family i have seen in the past few days . i had no idea it s as bad as this .
walk with your keys and phone in the hand stay away from dark passages and parking cars participate in a self  - defense course
i am still speechless re calling the moment when the general manager at this place seriously asked me if i would ever have sex with a   - year  - old . these cretins seriously need to be in prison .
an attempt to get people to understand the prevalence of sexual harassment and assault in society . for those [ men ] who didn t know 
i can t even begin to count the number of times i  have been sexually harrassed . but i can count the number of times i remember another guy standing up for me and calling out the perpetrator of said harrassment  - once .
boys are at risk too . i was used by various young men and men . but never said anything to my mom till just  years ago they were family friends butcher priest etc . fear of hurting my family my mom was a concern i was  when i first sucked a duck 
the movement demonstrated just how many people are affected by sexual violence . each individual affected has their own heartbreaking story of how they  ve experienced this violence and carry it with them . we  reply telling one woman  s story .
coworker kept asking me to his hotel room & touching me . he went to the bathroom  - i ran . he left vms & texts that i was a slut .
friend & i were walking to a bus one night two drunk guys started cat calling us & following us .
reading on subway car didn t realize it became empty he tried  2 masturbate & grab me train finally stops doors open & i run i was
* * * * when i was put in a office with a clear view into the urinals ( yep  - they did that ) i objected and they said that it was too expensive to change the door  -  -  - i held up cards with a rating number   -   - never   -  -  - they changed that door in  hours . * * * *
i denial  of  normal  t usually think a difference can be made # but this is different . for women who  ve endured sexual harassment or assault .  
is such an important hashtag . if you denial  of  normal  t understand the magnitude of this issue take a look at these tweets .
the  1 stop  that time i was sexually assaulted i was  years old . we were stationed at fort drum . he was   - something and some boyfriend of a friend of my moms . i denial  of  normal  t really remember it . the  2 and time i remember . i was  we were at fort polk then and he was  .  /
i needed a job badly to feed my kids . he was a drunk & during the interview & kept showing me porn . he locked the door .
risk word must cross disciplines in issues of  red state cps goes to run la foster care
it s sad to see such a large number of women who have faced sexual harassment .  i am not a woman but ( crowded trains ; groped at  )
i hate to inform you but you are somewhat a joke when it comes to the other  states . you have a chance to redeem yourself ! what a gift ! no longer will think trash when your state comes to mind . no ; instead you will be the state that changed history
it s heartbreaking and necessary to read the tweets . we must end harassment sexual assault & rape . we men must be allies of women .
more power to all women revealing disturbing incidents of sexual harassment with the tag . high time men realize their limits !
instant  message sorry but women aren t the only people getting sexually assaulted and harassed . i can openly say that instant  message a victim too
i tweeted last month and am horrified with what is going on . and dems do not come out of this clean either way . if allegations are true they are still exploiting victims for the sake of politics . they don 't care about the victims or the victims reputations .
not only women et el men ( and i ) are using the hashtag to show how common place sexual abuse assault and harassment are
somehow not a surprise ! he s always been creepy . james woods named by actress elizabeth perkins at rally  via
entire  2  0 s were spent dealing w completely inappropriate comments & touching from coworkers to strangers & anger if i defended myself
about that letter signed by alabama church [ cult ] leaders supporting moore : too many stated all his colleagues knew he exploited girls . therefore it doesn t matter when that letter was written .
i denial  of  normal  t even remember his name . i do remember texting my guy friend sitting next to me to help me leave the party away from the guy
stories are powerful esp . when we hear from those we know respect & love . so if anyone wants to listen ( hear me ) in real life . 
in tears reading these all too familiar stories of sexual assault and harassment that have affected every single woman i know
just a reminder .  give credit where credit is due .  a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago 
help our new campaign   - women survivors of sexual assault changing profile pictures to show how rampant this is
that was awesome ! any chance you  d want to help tackle sexual assault and harassment by tenured professors in academia ? too little coverage .
to the men and women courageous enough to share their stories of assault in hopes of changing the world ; your strength is inspiring .
unbelievable denial of people who really don 't understand that the days of women and girls are coming to an end . i successfully stood up to my abuser but every day i am angry that he died peacefully in his sleep .
i denial  of  normal  t want to share my story but to all the other girls out there we matter . it  s wasn  t our fault and we denial  of  normal  t deserve to feel guilty .
thanks to for providing critical support services to those experiencing sexual and domestic violence in call  if you need help . if you can give help donate at
anyone from the illinois valley traveling to be a part of this ? march in los angeles sunday to support victims of sexual assault and harassment .
all these hollywood and government reports of sexual assault against women . just imagine how pervasive it is with regular citizens when the man has less to lose
join our new campaign   - women survivors of sexual assault changing profile pictures to show how rampant this is .
join our new campaign   - women survivors of sexual assault changing profile pictures to show how rampant this is
/ it was when i was  years old when i finally told my mom . she was devastated because we always had an open relationship and she tried to protect ( sometimes over protect ) from predators of the world .
women bravely address sexual harassment & assault all over the world on social media and fucking is just making racist noise . 
change your profile picture so when the world ( sadly ) sees a flood of teal it will realize how many women have suffered sexual assault
an attempt to get people to understand the prevalence of sexual harassment & assault in society . showing people they aren t alone . 
some things men have said to me . when i asked a man to stop staring at my breasts while he spoke to me he said : if you re going to wear a top like that instant  message going to stare at them .
public  service  announcement : at least  women have accused donald trump of sexual assault or harassment spanning decades : 
people you  like  are going to be exposed . harassment culture runs deep . louis c . k . crossed a line into sexual misconduct  women say
r i lawmakers share revelations of sexual assault harassment  - this is the world women live in . we face it & fight 
reply sexual harrassment .  look at the may c hostel at  pages lane muswell hill in the mid  - late 80s . several female female residents complained about  older resident to the female deacon . she called it a witch hunt and didn t take it any further ! we were silenced !
everyone needs to watch and listen to this !  watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together  via
when the hashtag is no longer trending and everyone has forgot the substance of these words it will forever be apart of my reality as well as the reality of as countless others ! days gets better coping becomes manageable fear decreases & more but the reality remains .
rt a cute _ aphrodite : reading has been heart wrenching today . it shows that the women and men who survive sexual assault are stronger 
i am so excited to join originator of the campaign for a powerful twitter chat on sexual assault awareness and women of color in the movement !
counting all the women and girls who haven t been sexually assaulted or faced repercussions because they wouldn t go a long with a sexual harasser would take less time than counting those who have !
instant  message curious if there s any sense that was actually posted a long partisan lines ? since instant  message guessing being right  - wing hasn t prevented any women from experiencing being harassed or assaulted ?
been on mind . sexual assault is not acceptable on any level esp from the president ! where did the  women go who accused trump ?
way to read the room wh . women accusing trump of sexual harassment are lying says white house 
kids want the harvey weinstein s woody allen s bill cosby s bill o reilly s donald trump s & cops out of their schools 
shows how often victims self  - blame or society blames the victim . whether trafficking or sex assault  - we stand against victim  - blaming .
inspired by all the women sharing their stories and bravely saying men it  s time to have serious conversations around masculinity .
as i  ve watched our lawmakers deal with all the reports of sexual abuse it  s made me angry . angry all over again for each time it happened to me and others . angry it  s still happening . is great but we should change it to think than they  d get it ?
it s a pretty simple idea  train your boys to better men . boys will be boys just excuses bad behavior keeping it alive and justified
local women open up about their painful encounters with sexual harassment assault as campaign takes over social media .
tara na burke started to help women who had survived sexual harassment or assault  -  - ten years ago . 
cut it . these are creeps who hate family hate god have no friends and person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble around for sex . and when the fortune does not come complain decades later .
certain people  s presence just gives creepy vibe . as women we know that feeling . sometimes sexual predator hide in sheep cloth but we know when they come out .
trump just keeps merrily going a long . remember the  women who came forward to accuse of sexual harassment ?
sadly sexual harass men is almost expected as women . we don 't speak up enough . i  have been harassed multiple times & assaulted 
alyssa milano wants women to keep voices loud about sexual harassment amid me too movement : we are .  
here yeah go twitter friends . kelly is okay being grabbed by the pussy . sexual assualt is okay in her mind . how sick and pathetic is this ?
i applaud these women for coming forward . we all must come together . stop any sexual predator from becoming a us senator or worse potus . americans are better than this ! 
today got followed down street by dude who kept asking are you single . have seen him do this to others before on train & street .
thanks so much to for having and me on their webinar today to discuss and sexual assault reporting . if you tuned in today & have questions is always happy to help . contact us at
as a husband son brother of woman we have an obligation as men to raise awareness of sexual harrassment and assault against woman .
i  have heard horrific stories of sexual harassment abuse & rape from women i know & work with . she s somebody not some body
i think that there s a much greater taboo among men telling that they are abused by women than the opposite . yes even that do exist ! but people do only accept what is generally accepted . so i urge everyone to be restrained when it come to issues
3 novices : becomes rallying cry against sexual harassment and assault after a tweet from actor alyssa milano 
highlights men and boys committing acts of violence abuse harassment rape and assault . toxic masculinity :  
men and women around the world are using the hashtag to talk openly about sexual assault and harassment  - share your story !
maybe instant  message mistaken but i though the hashtag was supposed to be regarding sexual harassment in a woman s personal life not online .
in  girls  - girls by  years old will be victimized sexually ;  in  ; that number increases when females go off to school or enter workforce . think about that . disturbing culture must end . now .
i  have seen women in power commit sexual violence . men i know have been victims . i am supported by but those stories are important too .
reminds us sexual harassment is everywhere happening to people we know and care about . men have to do their part to change things .
women are responding to alyssa milano  s call to tweet to raise awareness of sexual harassment assault
simple words ( are spreading on social media highlighting the magnitude of an all too common problem of sexual harassment assault
is a global campaign aimed to bring together personal stories of from men and women across the world to bring to light the magnitude of this social evil .
makes me incredibly angry that we still need to raise awareness about the sexual harassment that happens to women every damn day .
and the first major physical invasion of my body by an adult male was at age  ; unless we count age   - which instant  message told was my fault .
abuse started in childhood  -  - not dealing with the pain led me to experience domestic violence . i chose to turn my pain into purpose . 
loved the article ! the title is misleading in  my  opinion . the word allowing if never went viral it would be business as usual essentially . i recommend you read this insightful and informative article . thank you 
one time i sitting in a bus on the way home from school and a man was standing right in front of my face with his fly fully unzipped and no underwear on . i felt trapped and embarrassed . 
thanks . same as u . age  . then drugged raped molested through my teens . blamed shamed self . finding my voice & self after decades .
hfc stands with those tweeting  - survivors of sexual harassment & violence  - because all people deserve safety comfort & respect .
but instant  message wondering  - would the particular people instant  message thinking about think of themselves as having sexually harassed or assaulted anyone ? if not how do we change that ?
hi claire ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi carmen ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi there ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi christine ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi shelly ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi there  - i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
hi beth ! i saw your post and would love to include your perspective in this survey instant  message doing on perceptions of sexual harassment : 
teacher  watching : sexual assault rape like many others i  m a rape survivor . for me it  s a painful part of my life but i reject feeling shame
victims of abuse  - emotional physical sexual environmental . we know . it  s the anger making us speak out . for better men .
the focus on sexual harass men with is important but it can also be hard for women to think back and relive painful memories
women take to social media to share stories of sexual assault and harassment  - peace arch news
in  case you missed  it : sparks viral women s movement against sexual abuse with  1  2 m facebook posts and counting ~ 
sparks viral women s movement against sexual abuse with  million facebook posts  5  0  0 k tweets in  hours
it started in middle school when i was followed home by a creep in a van ( no joke ) . i thank god to this day my father was home .
holy hell & wow & what  the  fuck . as a woman we need to kick her out of the group .  she has obviously never experienced sexual harassment
as hard as it is you got   to explain to the person that what they did was wrong because for me this person had no idea . as much as it pained me to see this kid again i did so i can make sure another girl didn t have this happen to her .
thank you for sharing your story i  m so sorry . messenger : rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault
it s admirable to see how many men and women have come forward to publicly speak about sexual abuse and harassment . raise awareness !
& claims being made hourly & daily . it s extraordinary women are coming forward . but what about the workplace ? no change equality at workplace esp . in leadership roles  - more women in management &
i know from experience that law enforcement judges lawyers . almost never get prosecuted in sexual assault . they hide behind . the big legal shield .
by the way .  i denial  of  normal  t care about party when it comes to this subject . sexual assault and harassment is a crime .
it is empowering and inspiring to see sexual abuse victims speak up . actors producers politicians liberals conservatives  - none should be protected anymore .
hopefully this will change the way people view sexual assault victims as we move closer to a better tomorrow .
weinstein case moves thousands of women to tell their own stories of rape and abuse using the hashtag  et on
thank you to everyone who has already expressed their love and support on fbook ! i can only pray that other women that are sharing their stories get similar responses !
walk down the street in as a women wearing literally anything & tell me if you don 't get comments . sexual harassment is wrong .
struggling to understand why you questioned new language that prevents individuals convicted of rape from having convictions set aside under youth rehabilitation act . victims can t set aside the trauma they suffered .
jane fonda is absolutely correct . and i say this as a white woman who was sexually assaulted and harassed . women of color need to be recognized and heard !
will & effort get officials to believe & take seriously women who report domestic violence sexual harass men
denial  of  normal  t view me as  fresh me at .  i denial  of  normal  t want older married male co  - workers or superiors to sexually harass me in the workplace .
if people have been paying attention they would clearly see her timing is because her courage was built from support of women all over the country united in
by sharing your stories we hope to get closer to the truth about the prevalence of this problem . if you d like to share please take a moment and take our survey :
the people of alabama will get to choose if they are professional  - molestation or not . they already voted professional  - molestation in  . i expect these accusations will ensure his victory . people have no clue . women s bodies are for our enjoyment . people have spoken .
people respond to me too campaign to raise awareness of sexual harassment assault . red giraffe in part of the conversation
i d local legislators who protect survivors of domestic and sexual assault . talk to them about protecting students . tell your story .
corroboration is there with four women each consistently telling their stories . wealthy powerful and older men have long felt they have access to whatever they want . the stories have brought many of us out of the woodwork .
the number of tags on social media is alarming and sad . more must be done to protect women & men from sexual assault and harassment .
hashtag shared by alyssa milano encourages personal stories of sexual assault and harassment mash social med
ever notice that when survivors of sexual assault and harassment speak up their stories never waver and yet sexual predators stories constantly shift and change ?
instant  message publicly asking men to tweet year view on sexual abuse . it is time to hear from you !
i was rape at a young age and was encouraged to stay silent . my teen age years i was harassed by boys that went to school with me .
wow looks like were going   to have a daily sexual harassment story . so glad women are coming forward more often .  it has to stop .
more recently one of my friends told me she experienced sexual harassment at her workplace . i cried because i know exactly how she feels
i wonder .  if moore wins will other gop politicians start making up stories of their sexual assault conquests in order to gain support from evangelicals ? southern style .
reason instant  message reluctant to in the future : the internet is toxic and cruel to women . see train wreck for full story .
reading stories of sexual harassment makes me ashamed of my gender for staying quiet . we need to speak out against injustice .
powerful to see so many come forward and share experiences with sexual assault and harassment . this is a thread of key resources .
do you think men should share stories or that it takes away from women who deal with toxic behaviour on a daily basis .
i d like to see the film television and theatre industries issue an official apology & a serious policy proposal to stop sexual harassment
i d like to see the film television and theatre industries issue an official apology & a serious policy to stop sexual harassment
a few days ago one woman asked me to share her story anonymously . then another woman asked . i posted  stories and the floodgates opened . here are the first  of the hundreds of stories you ve trusted me with . i am so honored to share them .
- the power behind the hashtag part  is now online ! women in north central florida share their testimonies regarding sex assault and harassment . 
sad to see all these women type as their status these men are pigs who  s parents obviously didn  t raise them right . i  m embarrassed .
i got drugged at a bar once . woke up with shit happening i would never allow . women of the world instant  message with you !
.  mckayla maroney  s personal account of sexual abuse  one of many stories the campaign has inspired  and i felt  less alone . 
can t imagine how strong beautiful and empowering the women of are feeling today . so much love to them for standing up to hate . love you girls .
excellent article about tech industry s propensity to discriminate wildly against women using sexual harassment as a benchmark . kudos for a very telling article that is repeated in virtually all industries . still going strong
i was  the first time i was groped on a school playground . i  m honestly not sure i know any women who have not been verbally or physically assaulted at least once .
my boss  years ago was so handsy that i filed a sexual harassment report and quit . this shit is real and happens all the time . 
3 novices : me too trending on social media following recent sexual harassment outrage the hashtag was trend 
watch me tonight on & telling men to stop sexually harassing women  - and to pass the message a long to their friends .
invaluable thread from a who has been through the sports system criminal system and civil law system .  - keep reading and get to thread of anonymous reports  - people who have never reported but are nonetheless living w damage . 
republicans say they want 2 take ur health care because they re afraid they ll lose but it s really they lied & tricked some 2 believe no how   come is good & that they re punishing but what they re really doing is stealing revenue & benefits we pay4 tax dollars .
. says since she started sharing her own story her office has been inundated with calls from current and former congressional staffers victims of sexual harassment on the hill . here s her testimony :
i am the first woman in the state of to have her husband successfully prosecuted for sexual assault . i had to wear a bullet proof vest kyle . i am also a graduate of sorry your feelings are hurt . someone has to be first .
so .  you get to start  an off topic  discussion the hashtag which is supposed to be for us survivors to tell our stories of sexual assault to make it .
 for decades we have created cinema where harassment is depicted as love .  this very simply shows how sexual abuse is primarily rooted in regressive cultural behaviours sexual glorification media objectification and stereotypes toward of women . 
female farmworkers say they stand with hollywood actors against sexual assault . this is what solidarity looks like even after many years of being marginalized and ignored and being isolated in their own struggle . 
but you walking back to class whole time .  like this the harassment women forget to mention reply : cause we stuck on the assaults
instant  message a dv victim . instant  message not going to judge rape victims or outfits . i do want to see to have substance to expose the predators .
thanks to the brave women who ve spoken up during the past few weeks . i ll always fight for survivors of sexual & domestic violence . 
until weinstein and the recent movement nearly all men accused of sexual crimes have not only been believed but have largely maintained their careers and their lives . 
instant  message sad to realize that i have never shared my own experiences of sexual harassment or encouraged others to speak out . it is not okay !
think about your favorite shops how many women work there . then think about the fact that every one of us has had to fend off inappropriate customers ( from compliments to date requests ) with a giggle to not lose the sal a complaint filed against us for rudeness .
eventually i looked at this woman & said i think i know why instant  message here . instant  message  and  weeks old and i am sitting at my mother s table
actually the truth does not always come out about sexual assault . for pete  s sake ! in focus : panelists discuss moore scandal this weeks top stories
to understand the prevalence of sexual assault in women  s lives just read any yeah novel w / a girl protagonist coming of age = assault
i  m full of admiration for all the brave hearts who are daring to say & expose those filthy predators . louis c . k . crossed a line into sexual misconduct  women say  - the new york times
maybe if good men sense the magnitude of the problem they  ll stand  us next time they witness a woman been sexual harassed .
atlantic mag article reveals global response to twitter stories of women ( & a few men ) coming forward to shar 
as i keep reading about and people experiences i keep getting taken back to my r a days . small thread indulge for a moment .
hi courtney i work w the boston globe . instant  message co  - reporting a story on this phenomenon of would you have time for a phone interview ?
something instant  message noticing with the recent hollywood allegations . when an accusation is made on someone we are a fan of or is beloved the response is skepticism or a joke . but when it s someone we don 't we respond with not surprised and there are rumours . .
i love the assumption from people here that she means bill clinton women get harassed by many men in lifetime that s the point of
struggling to understand position on new youth rehabilitation act . why should rapist have sentenced set aside simply he is under age of  ? victims can t set aside trauma . 
in the wake of the hashtag that followed news of harvey weinstein s sexual abuse french women came up .
rt amy_s is kind : it  s breaking my how many i see trending by women who have been victims of sexual assault . this shit has got to s 
each of us must take responsibility for our own decisions . denial  of  normal  t do anything you will regret later . if you compromise your own principles to get something you want you take what you get . if someone takes without permission then you have a legitimate reason to bitch .
the social media is flooding with this news feed worldwide ! more power to women who are raising voice against harassment !
inspired by the movement sexual assault victims share stories w / loved ones . it just felt like it was time 
it  s scary to be so aware of the things that the people you  reply closest to go through . both men and women are being assaulted all the time . stand up for them 
multiple times throughout my life . each time by someone i was supposed to be able to trust . they got what they wanted i got ptsd .
are you sure you want to press charges of assault ? i mean this man is a doctor . you wouldn t want to ruin his life right ? 
when are men going to realize women are people too . and a woman gave birth to them . and love & respect are  way streets
crazy how impactful a hashtag can be only a couple of people know my story . denial  of  normal  t know if i  ll ever be ready to  share but
cat call grabs at age  my boss from my high school job the security guard in my office building at my first real job .
having delved as deeply into this morass as you have dan i understand your cynicism . it does seem like something that might like the wave of women out there empower patients for the first time to speak up . a small start .
proud of all the women who are standing up to share stories of sexual harassment and abuse . almost every woman i know has experienced
i think twitter has become a safer place for women to share their stories than the church . brothers and sisters in christ we have much work to do .
starting from the movement to the number of allegations that have come out since .  how many more ? !  men who haven t violated women sexually  - please stand up .  - do better
 my story : while discussing gun policy with my best guy friend at a bar on a saturday night another guy joined our conversation .
the march and rally followed a relentless series of accusations by men and women who said they were victimized by high  - powered figures in the entertainment industry . 
the march and rally followed a relentless series of accusations by men and women who said they were victimized by high  - powered figures in the entertainment industry .
finally : sparked by campaign sexual assault survivors will march in hollywood rally to see they re not alone 
my ex raped me twice and i never told anyone and back in high school i was raped and stalked by a classmate . i was afraid to tell anyone
i  ve seen a few women post how they we lucky to have never experienced it . we still need it started a conversation  - esp  love   you for men
my entire life has been dotted by change and moving away due sexual assault .  the real word : rape . still here .
if you want   to know how bad the issue of sexual assault here check out see how many of your friends have been assaulted . shocking
proud of women coming forward with the tag but let s not create hate against men in the process and lose our privacy ( for some )
bill clinton should apologize for being a sexual predator . instant  message sure there are lots of predators in washington don 't c are . to interns .
i sincerely can t help but wonder how many more are still lurking in the shadows when every woman i know has a story  -  - myself included . grateful for the efforts of those who have brought these men s abhorrent actions to light : |
we need to start making sure no woman or man ever has a new story . stop sexual assault & jail those who have assaulted .
cisgender dudes using to show support stop and be a better ally . help share the experiences of women & trans folks instead .
treating women like objects is a bigger problem than just bill clinton roy moore or donald trump . it s up to us men to change .
honestly i really don 't get it . when a gross woman makes an advance towards me i just get grossed out & shrug it off . i don 't carry these experiences around with me like scars . they do make for good stories though . don 't be rapey no matter what of the  genders you are .
breaking news : women and men who have been sexually assaulted or harassed are tweeting to show how widespread the problem is .
inspired by movement gold medalist mckayla maroney alleges sexual abuse by former usa gymnastics team doc t  
/ men using power privilege & position to sexually harass assault rape isn t hollywood specific  - it s us male culture specific
aha  - found original tweet thread you wanted me to read . as a victim of sexual assault + + + + by mark halperin just shut  the fuck up . 
fellas there are a lot of ways to support women who are responding with you know one way that  s not ? saying  men get harassed too ! 
ajenglish : movements founder tara na burke hopes the viral campaign can bolster support for sexual abuse shut  up  
the movement is great but literally every woman has been sexually assaulted or harassed at some point . so just think of every woman you know as a victim .
3 novices : stars sexual harassment tweet goes viral actress alyssa milano has had more than   response 
the way some men treat women has no place in our society and is simply criminal . it happens in every industry & sector & country
clearly and r perfectly happy to let other women be victimized by the same elected official predators they say are molesting harassing raping whatever . news flash  speier and gillibrand : we already know !
i was drugged at a party & my  friend  told the guy to follow me downstairs & that he  d get lucky . sexual assault is too common .
and until we can believe all women  every woman  s voice has value  none of us really will be seen as equal .  - university professor anita hill
to all women & men sharing stories of sexual assault & sexual harassment thank you for your bravery to speak up . you are not alone .
as a male it can be hard to talk my sexual past but i stand with everyone who has ever been sexually assaulted or sexually harassed because it happened to
my heart is breaking from reading tweets from women & girls all over the world that have suffered at the hands of sexual predators
good share . i had a number of conservative women share on my fb page their experiences . it was an eye opener & hopefully helpful .
thank you for your defense today of women who are objectified rather than loved . our church has the answer for the crisis . even our omnipotent god waited for a fiat from the blessed mother . i  m although i conceived in & was assaulted at  .
something with the movement right now and how women are feeling more empowered to speak out . starting w / the famous and moving it s way down
sucks to see many female friends posting in  can t we treat women w / respect & dignity regardless of location & situation ?
unpopular opinion : yeah men get assaulted too but women s voices get lost when men start making everything about them .
instant  message seeing instant  message sorry you went through this on a lot of posts . be angry not sorry . sorry sounds too much like well that was unfortunate rather than oh my  god that was outrageous and unacceptable .
i feel like all us women need to post a me too just for having fox exist and living with the pussy  - grabber  - in  - chief as president .
yep i assume more allegations will be forthcoming . the lasting effect of weinstein and continues to show the breadth and depth of the sexualization of girls and women in u . s . culture . 
heard from an old friend who contacted me after she read my web log post about sexual harassment in the workplace  - academia for us both .
hey friends if you posted a tweet will you send it to me ? presenting about sexual assault in my feminist theory course tomorrow . thank   you !
people don 't realize how many grabs of as women get just doing normal things ( on a subway bus or own child s football game )
why don 't more game devs speak out about the harassment and abuse they ve experienced ? gee the number of people who defend rape jokes in an independent forum might have something to do with it .
will academia be the next to call out sexual assault scandals ? because the fact that loyola handed tj jour ian sanctions for raping someone but still have a tenure track gig at shows that something is seriously wrong .
pretty much every woman alive has been harassed or assaulted by asshole men . mind boggling to think how little most men know of this
instant  message still not understanding why took the idea of when all of those women said about the pussy grabber sitting behind the big desk in the oval office .
true and don 't they want justice ? be anonymous if need be but always report the crime immediately ladies ! ( and men and transgender anyone can sexually hara s anyone )
is making a difference in my community already . i spoke up on fb had the courage to tell people about sexual harassment to make sure it stops .
instant  message making the pledge to support all the women who have bravely shared their stories . it s way past time to stop it .
cases of sexual assault on college campuses continue to rise . campus rape culture is reality . learn more .
in high school a male friend got creepy wouldn t leave me alone trying to find out my location and get me alone .
verified sources ! months of work talking to many people that know what you did to young women from the benches you were twice removed from ! you are a disgrace to the rule of law & the office you once held . 
has made it possible for people to come forward in solidarity with each other . it s a groundswell that happens to be right before the election . i was raped and repressed the memories for  years . it happens . fight flight or freeze . trauma plays tricks on memories .
thousands of women reveal sex attack stories with  hashtag in wake of harvey weinstein scandal
i choose to empower educate & support positive sexual development & healthy respectful non  - violent ways to get needs met .
sexual harass men isn  t about sex it  s power control humiliation violation . acts of violence . of course we  reply afraid . 
dear  - girls and women need a stronger commitment to their freedom from violence . we are a nation run by pussy  - grabbers . who / where is safe ? 
so many women coming forward with movement .  why aren  t more men coming forward about what they  ve done ? instead of sitting in silence thinking they can still get away with this shit ?
when people tell an abused woman to just leave .  it s not that simple sometimes u have to take the abuse while u plan your escape
instant  message a northwestern journalism student writing an article about would you be willing to talk ? thank you for sharing your story .
meet tara na burke the creator of started in  and just be inc . a nonprofit org helping victims of sexual harass men 
i want to post on facebook and stand united with women everywhere but i  m afraid my family will judge me . i  m so emotional right now .
so proud of sexual abuse is a real problem for all women . the movement is empowering . speak out . you  reply not alone . 
hope talking pts incl discussion on the importance of women to speak up rather than staying silent and thinking thank god it s not
following the and the social movement hundreds march in hollywood to take a stand against sexual harassment : via
bbc man didn t apparently say you look great . he said instant  message sexually attracted to you . & sarah vine thinks hashtags craps ?
i have a mother a sister and in future a wife and a daughter . i want them to live in a sexual harassment free world
hence why the addition to is so important . in order for people to be believed when they come forward with sexual assaul allegations folks must be honest and forthright in their claims appearance of revenge . 
this week were talking about male victims of sexual assault first news anchor dealing with the fact that all our faves are problematic & new rules for listen here :
thank you so much ! the reality of older men young child power differential is identical my story i was  years of therapy instant  message
i understand . i am saying i denial  of  normal consider this experience offers you understanding of the millions of sexually assaulted women posting
i wish we didn  t live in a time where we needed a flood of on social media to convince people that sexual violence is real
i posted quote on my instagram and asshole from my high school sent me this . y  all still denial  of  normal  t believe violence against women ?
hopefully showed some people that weinstein isn t the only powerful man doing terrible things . now is the time to speak out !
love & solidarity to all of us who ve experienced sexual violence physical verbal et al the army of the white light is marching 
oh my gosh . in case you missed it these are stories shared privately because the women didn t want to post from their account . an unintended happening . tragic honestly . 
i think the movement is pushing women everywhere to talk about things that have been unspoken of for years .  people abusing positions of power sadly many women have come to expect .  
instant  message surprised it took a second time for people to freaking notice .  anyone remember after the pussy grabbing audio came out ?
he ran his practice downstairs but upstairs he had a closet of baby dolls drawers of nylons and secret books on weird sex stuff . at the end he said he always had a problem with women . i made sure his licenses were removed but he continues to practice .
women understand very soon in adult life that when men ask about giving you a massage that it really mean is he wants to massage his .
the know your audience way of thinking has probably caused more problems than people want to admit leading to moments .
i  ve only shared my sexual assault story with two people in the whole world but god damn if made me feel a little less alone
3 novices : senators share stories of harassment meet the press asked every female member of the senate  - all 
larry nassar lawyers push to delay & move sexual abuse trial cite olympic gold medalist mckayla maroney tweet
 the  words that have gone viral .  and how local women plan to keep the conversation going .  and effect change .
cat  - called followed touched grabbed pushed propositioned degraded intimidated exposed forced raped yes and most women i know .
the posts on every social media feed should help everyone get a sense of epidemic that sexual harassment .
please find a way to take down donald trump s account . it s a constant reminder that is a sexual predator .
and now the la police are after him ! great work women ! this will affect how men treat women moving forward . it s about time ! 
women friends here on twitter : is it appropriate for a man to share a experience ? i don 't want to take up space . thanks !
i  have said on here . every woma i know in sports has as well . i don 't like describing it because i don 't want to be a lesser option or people to take me off games because it would be unsafe where honestly getting on the bus at south station this happens too .
watching on denial  of  normal  t know if he has been in a cave but the movement has empowered women to have the courage to speak truth to power .
american women : now is the time for a take down of all powerful men who have abused their power . please speak your truth .
thank   you for giving a voice to the victims of sexual assault . great conversation this am and can  t wait to watch the town hall tonight .
what if it  s true and the campaign gave them courage to come forward ? this isn t about harassment it  s about a man being accused of being a pedophile . r or d is not relevant when it involves children .
.  every single woman appears on my social media feed has been sexually harassed this is horrible ! the world isn  t safe for women
remember : many women facing aren t famous don 't have high paying jobs & are doing work that keeps us fed clothed & comfortable 
starting with the stranger who said something creepy to me at age  . & instant  message v lucky relatively . every woman i know has these stories .
we got   to stop these harvey weinstein s woody allen s bill cosby s donald trump s rapist pedophiles and sexual predators 
as much as i hate outing myself on social media like this helping stop this trend of sexual violence & harassment is too important to stay silent about
if men followed the picture then less guys  - no excuse . see the demand . going forward ( thank   you dr . mcconnell ) it s a business decision .
happened with am not afraid to confess it & instant  message proud to take actions against it .  to all the pervert men get rid of perverted ness .
instant  message like in shock seeing all of the tweets if my dad were here i d hug him and thank him for always telling me to respect a woman .
i noticed in this conversation i didn t say and i . i pray this doesn t touch etc . they don 't deserve this . in  the  dark be adding to the list of his victims . yeah i hope he finds redemption . just finished my marathon . hope  2 c more
talk of working appear to be premature . one only needs to watch the roy moore story to see why many women remain silent .
so women of the world only wake up to when a rich white hollywood producer is exposed of harassing celebrities & starlets seriously !
how wall street brother talk keeps women down guys  - please take a moment with to ask did i ?
shook the world . what can be done to create lasting change ? join tonight s at  9 p for a candid conversation on sexual assaul in america
wow looks like behind all the shining light hollywood is really a dark dark place . i am glad the light is being shade on that darkness . it takes real courage for
those encounters that were too close for comfort . the one that groped you . the one that hit you they felt like it . the one that used force . the one that could call you out of your name because they felt like it . all the ones that left scars that may never fully heal .
love the movement . hate people saying why do they wait . i know i was molested repeatedly as a child and never told anyone for  years
i too with spend my life dealing with the after effects of abuse . there is no cure . time doesn t heal all wounds . therapy helps . take care of yourself . i believe you .
if all the people who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . copy and paste .
everyone just needs to shut  the fuck up about i  m a serial sexual assaulter but non partisan journalists have never thought it was a big deal ! 
women are stronger than anyone knows . hoping this important conversation continues and that awareness starts bringing change .
i did until today . i hate that instant  message not alone in this but instant  message glad there s people finally standing up and giving strength to others 
p . s . this is a small nonprofit run by a board of directors . when i reached out to the board i was rebuffed . please know best video in hamden can 't  talk is managed by men who are no more than sexual predators . the board is complacent even though other female employees spoke
men need to teach young men how to respect themselves and women so we learn & don 't raise another generation of harvey weinstein s .
to women pursuing a career : if you re harrassed while on an internship raise the alarm . don 't let it slide cause you re worried it will affect job opps . you re not their one & only victim . you can help others by exposing the predator
news observer  opinion : harvey weinstein scandal shows more people need to speak up about sexual misconduct 
imagine having your story get played out in court & a whole industry come after you with little outside support . now go get her cd . 
does your tweet expose them to retaliation ? may be helpful to check with them and encourage any victi you know to call   -   - hope  for confidential counseling and share their stories if they choose .
here s a quote from a training instant  message taking : we all have the right to control the degree the timing and the conditions for sharing our bodies thoughts and experiences with others . ( emphasis added )
trigger warning . this is deeply disturbing . mimi is so incredibly brave for sharing her painful story of abuse . the silence is over . 
as the witch hunt in hollywood continues the lot has landed on james woods . exposing slime can t be easy . i applaud you women
really i honestly denial  of  normal  t know one woman who hasn  t been harassed online or off  - catcalls catfished catty comments pussy  - grabbing
reading these stories completely breaks my heart . instant  message sorry for what you all have endured . i believe you it was not your fault
because there are at least  very trusting men for every untrustworthy man . i was harassed by much older women as a headshot freshman on a bus & also at my pt job as a headshot student . neither bus driver nor the store managers came to my aid . 
breaks my heart to see the hashtags on my feed today but we need men to be part of this dialogue too ! needs to end !
how the hell did we get this far with men not knowing of course assaulted harassed raped .  kept quiet . that s how .
i was raped by my mother and a male family member sexually assaulted as a model sexually harassed by the director of my agency .
instant  message no man s daughter sister wife or mother . does that mean i don 't count ? must i accept harassment ?
everyone knows at least one case like this . assault reporting plays against human violence victim exactly witnesses reporting party
new : house to make anti  - harassment training mandatory for all members and staff says . the senate made this change last week . follow for the story on this . 
there s a spread on me & in today ! since instant  message down here in london who in can send a photo of the hard copy ? major to whoever can do it ! ( and i ll be in scotland next week for an event with ! )
many women seem  b romantic iz n g thier experience with instead take action find courage  fight back . copy pasting fb post is useless
meet tara na burke the activist who started the campaign in  : . let s not erase black women s work share !
another caution : young women denial  of  normal  t get pulled into personal bashing of older women by men . this will hurt you over time .
instant  message done hiding the consequences of someone else s wrong doings . it s time to bring awareness to the problem
dear mr i was your biggest fan until i read the transcript of your radio phone in with a mum of  who you called a bigot for objecting to men using single sex changing rooms . your interrupted her  times .
boston  news at  : woman says teacher raped her  4  0 years ago but she was ashamed to report it . encouraged by she tells us her story
people like ed henry is why women like me do not tell anyone that we were raped or molested by male adults when we were children . i wanted to jump through the television and sock him in his backwards ass throat .
was told erection = consent . men want sex so you can t be raped learned to cope by staying quiet or making jokes .
i think we need the hashtag to show the prevalence  - men are shocked and the fact that no one is alone . strength in numbers
/ i denial  of  normal  t remember why i chose that time to tell her but her response to me was shocking . she revealed that she was raped when she was a teen .
i admire your courage and appreciate your candor . thank you for sharing your story & reminding us that abuse is not gender  - specific . together what has been done in the dark will come to light .
1 stop  that time i remember i was  & walking around a water park in a  piece swimsuit .  men followed me touched my butt and cat called .
it won t matter but it will give the victims a sense of empowerment . from victim to survivors to th rivers . these women spoke truth to power !
feminist a jones started a while ago . check it out for tons of stories . women have been saying glad someone is finally listening .
oh no no no no no . is about brave women and you ve turned it into a penis picture . we already live in a phallic  - centric society . let s not bring terrifying clowns and their creepy balloon animal organs into it . 
and the fear that even if something happens no one will help .  so used to people on bus ( even women ) looking away while u get groped
no amount of money power or influence gives u the right to touch any woman in any way that she doesn  t want to be touched . period .
too young & too many times . happy to see the world standing by women . would have changed my life years ago it will now change others
 who is watching these placements beyond the people who are being posted as evolves ? read the entire article if you live in california and read also if you are worried about what goes on in alabama . 
thank you for having the courage to do what so many of us men denial  of  normal  t to speak out about the sexual abuse we experienced as kids .
the movement guards against victimizing victims the gop attacks victims and they put the on us on the the victim instead of the abuser !  they are freaking despicable .  victims tell their truth when they are ready !  whether it s  day or  years they are credible !
i love the point of the hashtag i really do . but i feel like it also is giving some women reminders and ptsd they denial  of  normal  t need .
or a different boss told the entire staff that he was sleeping with you and people denial  of  normal  t believe you when it isn  t true
dear men your silence can be heard . we are not trying to blame or make you feel corner . we need you to stand up for us . admit . correct
instant  message a man was assaulted when was a boy .  nothing ever happened about it had no support mum had passed dad gave up on me .
 i have never seen a hashtag network with so many communities before . the dense areas filled with what looks like white dots are tens of thousands of small groups of people connecting in the hashtag .  - ellen gallagher 
some interesting stats not to prove that men have it worse but to remind us all that the scales are pretty much even when it comes to the difficulties as well as the opportunities we share as human beings . 
got   to disagree with yeah buddy . i think the trending has emboldened many people to come out about their own personal stories . in addition these rumors had been going around for some time . please also check out stories .
or he can step down until investigation proves otherwise . just like any of the men . are we living in the scarlet letter ? isn t it time that all of these cases actually goes to court . can you imagine how different it would be .
sexual assault is never okay and it s never the victims fault . we need  have this conversation . thank you to the brave women today .
the campaign means nothing if u don 't name names . silence empowers abusers & creates more victims . quiet victims only add  2 the abuse .
this tweet brought tears to my eyes on election night . now it s hollywood s turn for brave women to step up and say 
thank you for lighting the way for the rest of us to be free to acknowledge that it s not okay & that we have a voice . you helped me & countless others speak our story .
roughly every third news article on tnm is about female sexual abuse . it s a south focussed news agency so d number represents only d  states . assuming every story is honestly reported am appalled by d number
usa : all the old male actors are being outed as sex offenders ! uk : no man the ting is that i didn t get me free donut is n't  it family ?
instant  message  years old now and what happened  years ago matters . it s beyond painful . it affects every part of life . 
instant  message a guy running but sharing is part of my history . it happens to us all and we as humans can change the future .
the truth is powerful man . people around the globe came forward with stories after reporting . check out the report : 
filed a complaint with eeoc and won . i left anyway & used money to open a home  - based business to stay home new baby .
you denial  of  normal  t owe your story to any one . it  s your life you have control even if it may not feel that way . you  reply strong and awesome .
crazy comparison . rape allegations or any other crime should be questioned . calling a woman a slut or a whore is not criminal . that of course doesn  t make it okay . just like generalizing all men and calling them predators isn  t okay .  
hi  - instant  message a producer with al jazeera english television . would you be able to do an interview today about this post for a piece about me too ?
in light of can you remeber the first time a grown man made u uncomfortable ? i ll go first . i was in  4 th grade and a friends dad made a comment about my breast .
to do item : check your following list . if it  s not at least half women and includes piece of crap and lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. make adjustments .
instant  message only just now seeing this  -  - wow this photographers work is absolutely incredible . so brave .  i was suspended from facebook for my post  
my friend gives a brilliant explanation of why victims of power abuse don 't always seek justice due to the systematic hierarchies in place . read up 
instant  message a grateful survivor of child abuse by clergy for  years and a gang attack at  . living hell . today ? resilience . grace . dignity .
instant  message going to make a list of these monsters soon that i can keep adding on . rose mcgowen is a hero in my book . 
denial  of  normal  t forget to rsvp for tomorrow  s discussion of violence against women & girls in the workplace communities & politics w / & cassandra waters
. work experience parliament . shunned his vile advances . think i had a lucky escape yet believed it my fault . know better now
how can deny this  5 th woman when he signed her yearbook love roy moore the and the other shit he wrote too ?  i know innocent till proven guilty but jeezus bloody hell enough is enough !
thank you to all the women and girls for your strength in sharing and hope my young daughter and son can learn from your bravery
at a certain point parents must wonder if it s time for self  - defense to be mandatory for all female children ? will pain stop men ?
i was a clerk for a small law firm . a cashier at a government building in his  5  0 s repeatedly propositioned me after i told him no asked me inappropriate questions about my reproductive plans and told me i was wasting time because i didn t already have children .
sexually harassed by my boss years ago ; office mgr response people with more money & power than u have tried and failed . i quit .
as a man i felt quite a few emotions about this topic . i was shocked to see how quickly my facebook timeline filled with the hashtag . 
that s so kind ! holy shit ! instant  message so happy i want to hug ! unfortunately i  have been abused like many in this country .
but i don 't owe anyone an explanation . i  have already moved on a long time ago . i don 't lose sleep over it . being able to feel whole and fine after all that is it s own special brand of f  - you .
on a train in chicago . mid  - day . we were alone in the car . i felt paralyzed . scared to walk between cars i wasn  t convinced he  d stay put if i stood up . i finally ran off at next stop .
look i think you need to remove this tweet & your support for him !  1 stop  that of   course he didn t even vite &  2 and he covered up my rape & i am still fighting to be heard  + years later kaepernick is a fraud !
read my public post on hashtag activism and narrative work and what it means for me as a black queer person ! 
* damn olympic gymnast mckayla maroney posts her story says she was sexually abused by team doctor via 
do i start with the  1 stop  that time i remember being sexually harassed ?  3 rd grade . walking home . everyday .  6 th grade boys . it was scary .
hi instant  message just having anxiety about posting on fb but i feel like my thoughts are important . validation welcome ! 
ugh the amount of time i just debated not tweeting to avoid being seen as an attention see ke is a big part of the problem .
sharing stories is great and important but i hope can help people struggling find support and resources
i don 't give a damn about the platitudes straight computer  information  science men are posting in response to  - what   ever been telling you   all this for ages
is growing . time to believe victims and start changing the culture to prevent future crimes . thanks to all who are being so 
given women s mindset now & after seeing my entire fb feed full of i wonder how different things would be  today
i remember that s sexual harassment and i don 't have to take it .  and can t believe it took this long to get to stories finally being heard .
if you  reply pissed about harvey weinstein but excuse trump  - billy bush incident as locker out of mana talk you are part of the larger problem .
broken by all the ( inc . those who remain silent ) . your story voice silence pain and scars  they matter . we love and believe you .
please all the women who ve been sexually harassed or assaulted write to give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem
no  - one owes you their story . they certainly don 't have to lay the details bare on twitter to be believed . this does not change if the person is famous . people come forward in their own time . support them when they do .
thank   you for sharing . me too bre . same age as you . spent years on the basketball court . that was my only safe place . instant  message really sorry .
believed it was my fault for a long time until i heard about the man spreading lies and calling me a slut . hope he s enjoying jail !
the has revealed thousands of girl who were harassed or violated . it s time for all females to learn physical self defense .
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all women who  ve been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as status we might give people sense of magnitude of problem
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem  .
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
if all the women been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
instant  message not physically strong enough to push them away . thank the lord for friends that stepped in before it got worse .
listen up readers billy holliday wrote strange fruit after witnessing multiple black men left hanging to tot on a tree i applaud taylor swift & plan to write a song a poem of my own i urge women to join taylor & me write their lyrics & poems
rt harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence :
instant  message reporting today on the significance and meaning behind the thousands posting would you be open to a phone interview ?
please remember : many survivors aren  t ready or able to tell their stories and that  s okay . they  reply still bravely facing every breath
tonight w / female panel talk and ask what a culture change for women coming forward will tak were at tipping point
check out the latest web log post written by jfs social work intern cara zajac on the emotional effects campaign
i was molested twice as a child . then taken advantage of by my boss on numerous occasions . middle aged white men are the problem ! 
nice way to start a sunday : go get groceries have a man follow you park next to you and see him jerking off to you . instant  message so shook
rapists also  know  their victims feel shame fear & likely won  t report . & if they do there  s victim blaming . may help change that .
we denial  of  normal  t need a stranger ( regardless of your title ) telling us what they think we look like ; keep that shit to yourself .
the others know nothing will be done & are afraid . they know how instant  message being treated for fighting back . silence is best for some .
if all women ever sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as status we may start getting sense of magnitude of problem .
the artist began the vision ; we must join and bring it to fruition . if you see something and denial  of  normal  t speak up you are part of the problem . 
i deleted a fb post i made about because instant  message afraid of judgement & still being told it happened ages ago get over it this . is . not . okay .
i ll be the bad guy . that shit is dumb . you re going   to be hard pressed to find a single woman who hasn t been sexually harassed in the
set up google alert for pastor church abuse . i get notifications multiple times every week sometimes daily . see
let s talk about worker abuse coming led with sex abuse this author wants to start a conversation about workplace will we listen ? 
i also believe that the allegations i  have come across the movement to be far more severe that my own misconduct . the one man who i consider to be on my level is probably ben affleck though he doesn t have the excuse of being a teenager like i was .
my stories : me allowing horrible because i was scared to make them feel uncomfortable in the moment . ugh . let s teach our girls better .
many men around the world of any culture that feel women are not people . instant  message pretty proud of everyone who has stood up and said this behavior will no longer tolerated .
instant  message not a person who feels comfortable talking about this but i feel as though this is a lot bigger than my own comfort . so yeah
don 't know about uk law but the tsunami of accusations is crashing down on lots of people here . you saw the comments ask year wife or sister .
another time i was told by the owner to go to the lady rest room which he came in behind me cornered me and tried to kiss me 
has broken silence & that s amazing but it hasn t half brought up lots of unhappy memories . women s night is on tonight & much needed
it happened multiple times in my air force career . too many to count . first time was first day in training class in  .
join our new social media campaign for survivors of sexual assault to bring women together ? survivors changing profile picture
friends write to me : if i admit instant  message a trump supporter people harass me . they try to silence me . i answer them :
great thread liberal women should read how conservative women are treated lives threatened  - kids drawn into it  - sexually harassed ! 
believe the cosby survivors . they need public support and apology for the shit they took for coming forward . 
i think is a good compliment to i held many false beliefs until i started listening more . twitter actually helped expose me to so many more points of view and that has helped me to challenge what i thought .
please be aware that the movement began with a black woman named tara na burke ten years ago . 
my timeline is filled with messages . breaks my heart but also gives me hope that now could be the time things start changing .
i am  and to this day he still asks me to sit on his lap kiss him and he has tried to touch my breasts . my father grandmother mother and other grandmother have also sexually assaulted me .
if all women who ve been sexually harass e wrote we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . please rt .
not a single day in india i went to school or college with out being touched in a crowded bus by multiple men
honestly band members who think they can take advantage of young fans just because they are somewhat famous can go fuck themselves . you are no better than the lousy filthy stars being outed by
i still suffer daily because i was not taken seriously . i approached a counsellor at the salvation army . she told me to cling to god and come into retribution for my own sins . i will never forget this . my mother told me to keep quiet .
instant  message sorry you were treated that way by the people who are sworn to protect and serve . it takes all courage in the world to speak out .
on this occasion i fought back . the next day i covered my scars put on my big girl pants & flew to la to speak
instant  message going   to have some more wine tonight . sickened by abusers and sad for all the people who have been sexually harassed molested and assaulted .
i got cat called last night in weho : man : want a ride ? hey is that a trombone ? me : it s a ukulele . keep driving you ass hat .
people are waking up and taking their power back for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction the pendulum swings  - bus trump  - as we head onward and upward evolving and growing . we emerge transcendent humbled strong and wise .
hi tara na ! instant  message a journalism student in paris and instant  message working on a story for class about could i possibly interview you ?
this thread is sickening but not surprising  - what will it take for and all of us to address this as rape culture and misogyny rather than bad seed boys or mental illness ? 
 i don 't  know who is watching this risk evolve in tandem with the and disclosures . if you read it all the way to the end it has some information which is not making the news readily . i think this week c gets it .
damn  - i  have never forced a woman to watch me masturbate ! i guess i missed that one in the manual of manhood  - or the patriarchy conference last week . thank you for letting me in on the secret !
instant  message  i hope everyone younger commits to making the world a better place . it can be done . simply do it together .
because sometimes you denial  of  normal  t want to lose your life to a legal battle or in most cases your assaulter is a part of your community .
today s kind   of has me feeling guilty about sexually harassing men at work . maybe it s making disgusting men think too .
this moment gave me chills last night at watch anita hill and aly raisman share their stories on stage together 
but if your like me and don 't want to speak about personal trauma or maybe feel triggered right now please remember there are people who can help .
i was  & walking home from school when  different guys sexually harassed me on the train & on the block of my house on the same day .
it s amazing to see this juxtaposed against brave stories in my feed . in case anyone dared to doubt this stuff happens . a lot . 
over sued over alleged rapes as web rally reveals more sex assault claims ride  - hailing business blamed for indi 
regardless of how history plays out the victim  - bashing by those who still support roy moore is the reason victims denial  of  normal  t speak out
what if people listed on social media ( facebook twitter ) the names of their rapists abusers & harassers ? wow . that would be justice .
we get used to being hurt . instant  message fighting back . the silent and scared still need you . please speak up . 
toxic culture . women can no longer be silenced . cheers and love sent to aly and all of the brave women risking so much by telling their stories . 
sending my solidarity to those who are re living their trauma over and over as assault allegations surface in media . i see you . i feel your pain . you are not alone .
age  . sexually assualt ed on the way home from school . abuser threatened to kill me beat me and left me bleeding in an alley .
new post added at all 4 given  - social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named .
this story was out long before the most recent campaign . hollywood and the music industry needs to stop looking the other way !  
groped on new  york  city subway at  got creepy shoulder massages & rubdown s from swim coaches & was sexually attacked in college . ( thread 
i grew up a child witness to domestic violence assaulted  times by age of  fired from a job the day after i rebuffed the boss .
instant  message a working high school teacher ; nobody needs the details but instant  message adding my voice to this thread .
from being touched inappropriately by a guy that i thought i could trust . he took a lot away from me . but instant  message strong . & no still = no .
. of & decided on the phrase of if it s true imagine how i would have felt if my mother said that  me when i told her my cousin sexually molested me at  8 year . these women r being molested all over again by your comments .
do not feel ashamed about what happened to you . it is not your fault . just because it wasn t rape or attempted rape does not mean it was sexual assault or sexual harassment . stay strong & remember it wasn t your fault .
trial took so long to go to court . was several states &  years away pulled back to test if it . system won t let you move on
when applying for a job business asks around  - former employers colleagues . if reports back include  embezzled   arson   gun discharge   drugs   - fine .  - but reports of or assault ?  never convicted !  him  what  s different ?
i just threw out all james dobson & franklin graham crap from my house because as a rape and abuse survivor i will not allow their shit in my home . throw in prison now because he is a child molester . 
get empowered ! name the people who allegedly told you these things & fight back . pity party does nothing for you or other future vic s 
this was me two days before the first time i was raped . i have since been assaulted multiple times and self destructed in nearly every possible way .
you deserve the full credit tara na ! was your idea ! but when a white woman supports it the movement now has all of this attention !
retweeted usa today ( tara na burke started the movement more than  years ago to help woman .
me  me infinity but  me  believe this behavior only changes if we take this conversation offline . talk to folks in  real  life tell your story .
in light of recent events and the movement i would like to share this web log post i wrote a few days ago :
sometimes reading the truth can set you free .  democrats stop trying to have it both ways ! bill clinton is a sexual predator by your definition 
if you feel comfortable because i know how hard it can be to speak to power tell your of assault or rape . help to stop this behavior in hip hop !
my rape happened by a prominent member of the community . i knew nothing would get done and sadly i was right . and am still homeless
instant  message not triggered by seeing on facebook and twitter nor do i mind coming forward and saying without shame or reservation
as the list of famous men who assaul grows we know many sexual predators aren t famous they re normal people and society does little to prevent them from harming others or penalize them when they do . is a societal problem . 
instant  message having a hard time with all the bandwagoning . real victims of rape & assault getting drowned out by people annoyed by propositions !
you know men real men tired of year  old man  - bashing us as gender all  - inclusive . is feel good babble that does little past me too 
as long as instant  message being all specific with my tweets .  another not able moment was when my partner & i were visiting europe after college a big deal for me funded by credit cards & debt . we were climbing up the sagrada familia . i & so i was so excited .
a conversation about excellent program to bring light to how difficult it is for victims to get justice & continue career .
feeling powerless she said she didn  t disclose the incident to anyone .  to be able to have success in this world you  ve got to keep quiet  she said . i worked at the thanks capitol in the  7  0 s . i have stories that would make heads explode . 
i saw  person saying that at least for a bit was trending  - i know first hand clothing choices do not affect inappropriate touching !
i still deal with ptsd and without my support system of a great partner friends and positive work environment it would be worse
in case it isn t clear i am  not here for a campaign that tells any victim of sex violence to shut up . fuck your violent rules .
- looking forward to the day when i denial  of  normal  t feel like i need to watch over my shoulder walking home
new post on my web log : social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson
things can be a little tricky for at the  moment with all the public and movement . all the more important to take care of yourself and use techniques . check out tips to handle by
as a child a teenager & as an adult . nearly everyone i know on a personal level has at some point experienced it even kids .
i  ve totally done this when i was young . guys need to start paying attention to this movement . they can learn a lot . 
( expose your pig ! ) is frances france has the right idea  real change 2 occur . speak up say their name fight back !
let s talk about sexual consent and help prevent sexual assault . join us for this important discussion on tuesday nov .  central campus | bldg  room  .
on a much more serious note over  years ago a ( n ex  - ) close friend betrayed my trust . it still affects my daily life today .
story  : i fell asleep on a band trip bus and woke up to a boy grabbing my breast . an adult said not to make a big deal about it .
keep up the truth . courage . calling out .  but may god help us to stop short of throwing stones . it s time we educate our children better . 
. the hashtag makes me feel like a victim again i prefer if it were possible i d ride my chair to al in front of office with a yuge big gly sign jack ass
thank you for sharing every woman man victim coming forward has taken shame dark shadows out of my heart
i desperately wish this could also start with my teen girls who get offensive  send nudes  from boys as soon as they hit social media
i don 't recall ck saying he was looking to be absolved or forgiven for anything . if this is the way we respond to the few who admit guilt & apologize then there s no point in ever doing it .
oh my  god me too i asked this fan account who seems to know everything . i hope they tweet back as soon as  possible .
everyone coming out saying they knew about weinstein does not get a bonus point on this . in fact shut the fuck up now dumb asses .
i met a woman who was afraid to share on her fb page . she was raped nightly & beaten by her husband . finally found courage to leave .
pre & post event risk prevention may have faces you don 't look for . springboard questions for other discussions in policy custom law and human development .  see also below non gender version 
it feels like a coming of age as a girl involves being cat called on the street i don 't know a single woman who has not been harassed
was started  years ago by tara na burke .  a black woman who has gotten very little credit to this day .
it is real & it is daily . while u eat travel study dance work do sports grow up walk speak date live .  break the silence
i  m not ready to share my story with the world i denial  of  normal  t know if i  ll ever be but i  m inspired by the courage of my friends who have come forward .
a lot of important questions here around the role and capacity of labour unions to address experienced by members in the work place and in union spaces . 
this is not about politics or for god sakes it shouldn  t be ! i  m a survivor now  years old victimized  years ago yes ! until i was  that was the first time .  let that sink in ! now look at your children and tell them how will you protect them by electing
love the safe city application ! what a great way to help prevent sexual assault  - we posted safe city on our intercultural leaders site and look forward to promoting your efforts
i am asking a lot of questions tonight because i want to hear your opinions & see how we can best move forward & support one another .
because my high school offered an opportunity for senior girls to learn self defense from police officers before graduating
fact check  yourself .  definite story  watch i denial  of  normal  t care what your sex race religion or political party  
as a woman you sometimes feel like you have to play the game that  s in the field . as a leader you have the responsibility & the duty to change the rules of the game . panel
god help any man i find hurting a young girl . they d be sorry to see me . doesn t apply for me personally but i d stand up for victims
it s really hard to read & feel & process these experiences shared by friends coworkers sisters . in solidarity
slept on floor at a guy friends apt . roomie got home & said ladies don 't sleep on floors . gave me his bed  came back for it hours later
so anita hill and all of the other women and men who have come forward regarding sexual assaults are lying ? or are they only lying about the conservatives ? louis ck harvey weinstein etc ?
harvey weinstein helped pay bill clinton s legal bills during monica era washington post archive reveals
i decided to come forward about my sexual assaulter because i heard he was assaulting many children and young girls . if i had not come forward he would not be serving a life sentence . i wanted to help the young girls and i did .
yeah the really brought attention to it . it s honestly sad and crazy asf the amount of stories i  have seen just on twitter
so i just posted my fb status of the hashtag & a man came in my inbox making jokes & telling me how to make my statement more powerful
if you just spent a week liking posts but hope that robert scoble gets better soon you are the reason tech has a predator problem .
grade school my friends brother . stopped going to her house after that . told no one i didn  t even understand till i was older .
denial  of  normal  t feel obligated to join the tag if you  reply not ready to publicly expose those experiences even in the vaguest way . ( cont . )
dear twitter friends i need your help to raise money and fight gender  - based violence with
in the wake of people are starting to ask why alledged clinton rape victim didn t deserve to be believed . that s good . but this is the one that really made my blood boil : 
think u are injecting a lot into the statement  - i e your tweet literally rewrites both intent and language of c . k . i am i respect your anger but wonder if you can look back at this and reconsider your conclusion
the explosion of revelations is a mixed bag of controversy has become useful tool to disrupt actual progress with anti  - progressives resistance to make america great we need wall conservative supreme court more genuine conservatives in congress swamp drained ! 
u ask y it took me so long  come forward ? i didn t have the courage i do today . instant  message much stronger now & can speak up when harassed .
was free to terrorize young girls because nobody spoke loudly . how will we stop trafficking racism & sexual abuse unless we name perpetrators ? sexual harassers serving in congress  .
i was raped while in grad school and working as a preschool teacher full time . quit my job because i took too many days off to deal w
really come on lady .  denial  of  normal  t bury your head in s and .  monsters on both sides wake up & send roy moore packing now are u a mother ?
me too . if every person who has been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem .
please please tell me you re not this much of an asshole . they are career sexual predators . what about the women trying to speak their truth to reclaim their power and lives ? 
ass face recruiter tried to hold my hand and then force his way into my hotel room . he did not succeed . i was  & terrified . i never told
i denial  of  normal  t have a full blown story only because i told my mom before it progressed . thank god i did . what little happened still scarred me .
posts can be really draining . instant  message going to practice what i preach and take some time for self care tonight . i hope you do the same .
just last week a man on the street kept trying to take me back to his hotel room until i said sorry i have a boyfriend .
join at our exec board meeting   westin sfo as we address and do our part to confront our complicity and extend beyond politicians and actresses to dignity respect and for all
so maybe instead of trying to bribe me you should distance yourself from how hard is it to condemn a rapist youtuber you financially supported & speak out ? you can t buy my silence ( ask your boy alex m about it he knows he tried it as well ) .
with that we end our mini sermon on grace vs disgrace . we trust you see some new light that god wants to shine worldwide yet all only from the bible god s holy word . amen . remember to your victims . just look at . amen and god bless
it  s not just in hollywood or don 't c are . it  s everyday & every job . it doesn  t take millions of dollars to have power over someone . denial  of  normal  t ignore this kind of behavior anywhere .
instant  message so sorry to hear this . i think of you as a powerful person in the industry . it can happen to any woman anywhere . no one is safe .
coming forward takes guts god knows i understand . your fight has given others the courage to tell their story .
then there  s boss of my summer job as teen . told me  wear those white pants on fri  he had meeting & wanted to impress the guys .
said before & keep sayin i don 't care how u vote your religion sex race status : if accusations r true u should b held accountable ! 
i can t prove it but i am convinced he s a pedophile . the way he looked at preteen and teen girls was disturbing to say the least . i accused him of being such once .  he beat me up pretty badly for it .
thanks to all who ve donated to in the past  hours ! were almost at  & we have  days to go . with your help we can bring back this much  - needed space to address
someone posted this in reply to a male friends post . thank you to all the men who ve come forward with stories as well . we hear you .
i did not report at the time i was raped at age  i didn  t report  years . later  years . later  years . later & i never will report it just so that a bunch of old white men can call me a liar but i  ll never forget it either . i applaud brave women & believe them all ! 
it went on too long before i had the strength and courage to walk away . i have a better life but the memory never completely fades .
after headshot the parent  over  shoulder got tossed out of the military . he came home & knifed his mother . she survived & he went to prison .  /
if you are angry when your team or your school gets  bad press  and blame a victim for calling them out you are part of the problem .
give her manners show class keep the conversation positive and you  reply going to get back respect affection and romance .
but i denial  of  normal  t know if i  ll ever be able to talk about it . i  m standing beside everyone else posting things need to change .
someone close to me was raped by a trusted person  years ago as a child . the pain and consequences linger today . it s not your fault !
whenever i see that chris brown is still in public eye that double   team was handed the white house . short memory folks have for outrage .
shared by a guy friend on my fb page in reaction to hoping guys here can read & rt to signal their sign  - on to this pledge .
tape reaffirms double   team bad behavior = evidence because it isn t too far off from his bus comment . old dog . 
rape culture is real it s not your fault and you re never alone . i stand in strong support of movement and raising awareness
good meeting with you and discussing . but labeling products is a tragic mistake and will only encourage hate instead of cooperation . would love to discuss other measures that are more in line with the complicated reality in the middle east .
so sick of  yeah but bill clinton   - he was impeached so he paid a price  - and hillary paid price for his predatory behavior too . and so we all lose as we  ve got a potus who did it consequence & now we have roy moore
the full list of harvey weinstein accusers  - la times . this is exactly what needs to happen . expose them all 
so now they r targeting her talk about white privilege . fredrick a & auntie maxine leave fake ass allies to deal their own me too shit   happens ! t rose
when i was  years old ( w / a friend ) at a movie theatre he then asked if we wanted to touch him we ran all the way home scared he was following us .
online and in  real  life . can t everyone show respect an self  - restraint ? also check against predator lists that can be fun x_x
sadly it is true . as a child victim u learn to shut up and not tell pigs seem to sense that . was  when molested and  when raped .
( see that  s where it comes into play in  real  life ) actually it means a lot ! thanks for sharing . you matter and so do your experiences
date raped by a border patrol officer i believed no one would help . cops & das especially a date are untouchable . i got you shoulda known better than to go with him but why ? i never agreed to what he made me do with his service pistol
i am a male who was assaulted by a female family member denial  of  normal  t give up keep fighting forward
i reported my rape police took me seriously but not enough evidence to press charges . he is now married and lives in okay .
calls on to step aside if .  pedophile accusations can be proven  someone teach how hashtags like will join & will be the party of moore &  no ! we will not dammit ! 
 i reworked my title page on to try & reflect which is a unique free class pinpointing advocacy in a simple do it  yourself visual method converting from long narratives  a review of trauma informed care . may benefit
if someone doesn  t want to share their story then they denial  of  normal  t have to . saying is to raise awareness of how big of an issue this is
2 and assault : at public party strange drunk man put his hand up my dress but i got away & left party immediately .
over the years by teachers bosses various guys i knew and random strangers . my mother my sisters so many of my friends and colleagues and
crazy fox news puppets are repeating hannity s horrible justifications for pedophilia . applaud gop representatives that are putting country and honor before party .
has put in the work to build a career . sometimes that  s what it takes before it feels safe to name names . 
i had headed to the back bedroom and he wasn  t far behind . it  s where many of the videos were kept and my blanket for when i stayed the night . i grabbed my blanket and turned and faced a gun in my face .
charlie sheen kept his  millio episode gig for  years after denise richards reported that he was engaged in child porn and that he threatened to kill her . he only lost his job when he insulted a male producer .
analysis is subjective . some good points also consider quality vs quantity + mass evil gr in & = large quantity of tweeps tweeting that created influence . many of them only tweeted once or twice not hundreds of times
great thread . i can remember being cat called even as a fat   - year  - old in sweats walking home . and of course worse . 
learned on a piece of crap radio show yesterday that welcome  on cam began mid  -  2  0  0  0 s . thank u credit due . thank   you too 
weeds star elizabeth perkins holds sign naming actor james woods at the survivors march 
. i  m glad the mainstream media is finally bringing attention and awareness to in this country . not sure what took so long but better late than never . 
 nice rack   - well  - known civil rights leader at black tie where i was the past  - president feminist org . got worse . i had no come back . 
with all the conversations surrounding hollywood and now college campuses .  it has me thinking if we  ll start discussing the same trauma that happens at the hands of family members .
i was terrified & in tears to walk by there . one day a lady saw it & called the police & walked me past the ramp . never forget her .
catcalls . my leg got humped on a bus . roaming hands that tried to go too far . nothing big but it happens . consent is key y  all .
interesting nbc news  shows mcgowan walk out with tara na burke me too originator but no mention of who she is i  .  shaking  my  head !
being female means being able to list off three different times my ass has been grabbed by random strangers in public
there is a difference in & actually telling your story for people to attack u on twitter . or people to make remarks about there not being a point if you share anonymously . some people don 't want the attention but it internally helps to talk about it .
you  reply right it was a long time ago  - a long time for when a man in  3  0 s sexually assaulted me at age  . people like me should just get over something like that 
oh my fucking god .  seriously . because victim shaming makes you look like an ass you keep being amazing ignore the haters !
if my family were on twitter i  d be unable to speak of my experiences . it is hard enough as it is . i  m nearly fifty . it  s hard breaking the silence we  ve been schooled to keep .  ladies must keep up appearances . who  d want you if that got out ? 
let   me play with your tits come sit on my lap baby ass grabbing cat calling unwanted penis picks a few things i  have experienced .
red state gad fcs leader headed to run the los angeles foster care system . who anticipates risks in safety and for whom . 
change to sexual harassment hits women & men hard . silence keeps it alive so keep making noise .
some victims of sexual assault or harassment like myself do not wish to share the details with the world .  while some victims need therapy to heal others do not . how one heals is a personal journey .
hey you proud papa again honestly i can say you are one bad ass father and hands on parent . congratulations brother sorry just seen this .
most men have zero idea how hard it is  a woman  come forward  report sexual assault or misconduct by a man much less a man w power & influence .
i hope our sons & daughters have a better world . change starts think sexual assault & harassment doesn t exist ? think again .
.  well at least a black woman didn t start this  movement .  so no need for proper acknowledgement . but instant  message still waiting for you to give credit to the black woman who started the movement .
as a husband to an amazing wife .  brother to  fantastic sisters .  uncle to  super cool nieces .  & son to an awesome mom
de  - center womanhood and recognize the effect of sexism misogyny & toxic masculinity on queer and non binary piece of crap
laughing  out loud sue her ! elizabeth perkins hold sign naming actor james woods at march via
also as a lawyer i learned of a sexual assault reported about a  4 year  old boy against a  2 year  old girl during a nap time . teach respect early .
npr : rt kqed news : as the campaign calling out sexual harassment continues california women in politics add  
woman & sexually harassment asking why is it done ?  4 power perverse pleasure control sexual predators enjoy it women lose careers
instant  message sure it s to late but i can t post on facebook because instant  message scared to tell people i love but i want all women out their to know .
sexual predators know no bounds . they are men women trans gay straight . they are white black brown . they are all religions . they are and and it s all about the dominator culture we live in .
how do you know instant  message prejudiced towards women ? instant  message just stating that there s been some pretty high profile false rape accusations & many of the stories are nothing to be flipping out over
if only . as the definition of what is sexual harassment spirals out of control every awkward interaction between men & women is considered a felony . apparently instant  message a victim many times over since women have been harassing me for years
you cannot defend sexual assaul survivors if you  reply also defending the abuser . doesn  t work that way . you are not an ally to our community . you  reply hurting us more . stand up for any and all survivors .
it sucks we need a hashtag to prove how big a problem this is . pretty sure none of the women needed to see this hashtag to know .
i honestly can  t believe they haven  t tried to blame yet ! they have stooped so low as to blame bill clinton for everything including every single case out of hollywood .
see what grantee partner is doing to speak up and support survivors of sexual assault abuse and harassment . to men too : how men can prevent harassment and abuse
how does a man defend himself against women accusing him of sexual misconduct from  + years ago ? whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty ?
why denial  of  normal  t women come forward more often earlier with accusation of sexual harassment assault impropriety ?  see louis c . k . roy moore .
is a trend that raises awareness of sexual assault but often fails to point out the perpetrators . i want to see those men and occasionally women who commit those acts behind bars or uncovered for who they are .
for  your  information practicing judeo christian doctrines integrating in other kind human supportive peaceful religions is the only way to help all heal another for  your  information my stories in the business being exacerbated by each daily story be kind to all females & children
maybe you re not aware of the tsunami in america right now where women are finally saying enough is enough & regaining their power from men s unwanted sexual advances & attacks . the timings more about that .
best  friend  forever & i got kicked out of a bar because i got in a man s face who wouldn t leave her alone . because women standing up for each other is the problem
fighting for everyone s civil rights is fighting for children s rights . they need us to heal our own childhood wounds and become the warriors they deserve for protection . the stories are still happening to boys and girls .
when i was in  5 th grade by someone who i thought was a friend . took me a really really long time to trust again . fortunately he didn t complete his assault ; i hope he s dead now .
. and her organization are turning into a movement to end sexual assault . they need your help to pass civil rights for rape survivors in every state .
it s hard to not feel disgusted by humanity after seeing the sheer number of women affected by sexual abuse posting with
thank you for your powerful piece last month sharing your story of sexual assault and the unique challenges facing queer male survivors . 
good that campaign give space to openly share experiences of sexual abuse change has to come from both men and women
you ask a few women  why are you coming forward so many years later ?  and in return women across the world come forward with their own stories . on my facebook i  ve seen israeli men sharing stories as well . y  all poked the dam too many times it  s all flooding now .
this article has taken my breath away . the best one i have read so far on the hastag and general rape culture . ignore the title of the article it s the content . 
possible topic : when will academia come on board the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors are now more protected than hollywood moguls or republicans .
are more people reporting their sexual assault to the police ? seeking counseling ? for all those who have posted message me privately . instant  message looking to talk to someone about their experience .
join u b i don't care  at  for the in focus discussion : power shame and our culture of sexual harassment . professor mar do rossi an author of framing the rape victim will moderate a discussion about the campaign and more
women are shamed told they are uptight nasty bitter can  t take a joke are too sensitive . and the men ? well if they  reply lucky they might get elected president . 
mine was a city council member of boston . he was convicted of child molestation in the early   s .  year old boy in movie theater . also a nambla member . i know how these women and men feel .
remember that as all of these stories come out more and more women are able to relate and realize that something they spent years convincing themselves was okay was actually assault . give them time . give them space . give them support .
awesome ! thank you david lean . instant  message suddenly dreaming of a purple christmas . will you please join me wearing purple  to help end cse [ child sexual exploitation ] ? 
i want to openly acknowledge and affirm the women and girls sharing i know that as a man i am responsible and instant  message sorry .
woke up to my facebook timeline covered in statuses saying people sharing their sexual assaul stories to show others
raise your hand if your current or past sexual harassment policy ( explicitly or in practice ) urges victims to first confront the harasser . wondering how many stories ran into this ?
not talking about davis specifically here but if you re the kind of person who would hire fewer women because of stricter workplace sexual harassment laws then you re a big part of the problem . plain and simple . 
dems nominated who viciously attacked women who outed bill ( and stood by your man ) . gop condemned moore ( but still must own for giving access hollywood tape ) . moving forward let  s make condemning or enabling creepers non  - partisan .
survivors of sexual harassment sexual assault and sexual abuse took to the streets of hollywood to take part in a march and rally .
because i know how it feels to have your control of your body taken away from you . i know how if feels the week after when you  reply being slut shamed . i know how it feels when girls come up to you saying after you open up to them about being raped .
instant  message going to bed but first : folks on the tag please take care of yourselves . please reach out for help if it feels too much .
saw your post about your abuse . instant  message sorry that happened to you . i was molested by my mother and cousin then raped when i was in an adult relationship with my then girlfriend . i haven t been in a relationship since
this years oscars should nominate only women in every category as well as hire only women to host director produce crew stage light cater etc . it would send a powerful and very public message that sexual assault and harassment will no longer be tolerated .
the current is helping to empower women to let their stories out .  to see a man than did these things to you and other little girls climb to power has to be sickening .
has agrees need as has is a world wide error set in report and process of human violence including sex assaults . un founding is a human rights violation per the un
the interesting part of the movement is that i denial  of  normal  t know a single female who has not faced sexual harassment or assault .
today was a good day at church . i love being a pastor . yet an older man kissed me . i did not want it . sexual assault everywhere .
a survivor  s march will take place today at the intersection of hollywood & highland for survivors of sexual harassment sexual assault and sexual abuse starting at  am .
every time i hear men of power speak casually of assaulting & grabbing women i remember the night i was touched without my consent . 
nigerian women share their stories  _ don t know if this can stop rape _ the ladies have nothing to lose as it s always been with us . several men are guilty ! it s a big shame !
 you are doing a good job but we need a pretty face to go out and get accounts . someone who looks good in a mini skirt and heels 
there is nothing vile r than working in a place where sexual harassment is the normal & where your coworkers live to want to see you sexually violated .
guys if the hashtag feels overwhelming try responding to the men and women using it . just say instant  message sorry or i believe you
the speed at which hollywood is cutting ties with men accused of sex assault suggests we may finally be at a reflection point in battle to create safe work spaces for women .
the wife and i just had a big meal with the in laws and were heading out soon for big meal with friends and i told my wife were doing a bang  - bang and she was like sorry instant  message not doing louis ck references anymore .
i  m so sorry i believe you and it wasn  t your fault . sexual assault hotline and online anonymous chat line big hugs to you tricia 
more times than i can count starting in middle school with some form of sexual harassment . and way too many close calls on assault .
clearly not . it would take another  years or more for muslim majority countries to start considering sexual harassment as a topic for open discussion and collective action .
feels the relief of pain of women healing their silence broken & toxic men put to admitting culpability . it s past time .
shook the world . what can be done to create lasting change ? join tonight s at  9 p et for a candid conversation on sexual harassment in america
shook the world . what can be done to create lasting change ? join tonight s at  9 p et for a candid conversation on sexual harassment in america . 
shook the world . what can be done to create lasting change ? join tonight s at  9 p et for a candid conversation on sexual harassment in america .
there are more women who have been sexually assaulted than most are aware of . thanks allyssa mala no  starting the movement ! personally i have been raped sodomized etc . to the point where i could never be around untrusting men ever again . it fears me they fear me .
: f * this year it can t get any worse !  : hi  -  - trump  - russia  - fired  - irma maria jose  - destroyed  - weinstein spacey moore take i  -  - mass shootings  - ny terrorist attack  - trump is still president
interesting headline ( & boring article ) from an organization that has been accused of protecting sexual predators . see i think it s heaven . yeah i have to say instant  message loving it . 
bravo rebecca ! wow on an amazing and deeply thought out article . it is worth the length because it roots out so many of the questions concerns and fears that have been ricochet ting in the minds of scads of women and men since the first weinstein mention . 
great article . brave lady . messenger : rising missouri political star tells her story to shine light on sexual assault  via
when started trending took it one step further asking men to speak up against sexual harassment & assault . here s what she learned :
hey i  know i denial  of  normal  t have a large twitter audience and all but like remember all the brave gals who participated in shout out to them and shout out to the ones who couldn  t participate for various reasons
from allegations against roy moore to how has played out in india and france follow aps coverage of sexual harassment cases here :
let us not forget that  ten women accused djt of groping them . i believed those women too ! and i believed anita hill and yes monica l . women of the world unite ! run for office organize vote your conscience .
i  ve written this before . ask your girlfriend wife sister mother daughter fellow worker about sexual harassment  - they all have a story .
instant  message lucky bcs i got away ran back inside and had my uncle take me home . that s right this story is me being lucky .
see the perpetual low grade anxiety of sexual harassment ? ran into the son of a mother i buried . he touched my face hands .
in honor of the campaign hear from a local sexual assault victim who s been fighting  justice  years . full story tonight &
the evil of sexual predators .  they attack the weak make them weaker then discredit them because of their weakness . these arrogant monsters go on to bigger and better things leaving a collection of wounded people in their wake . 
all women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted write as status give people sense of magnitude of problem copy paste
how about you take a stand against for the sake of your children and ours ? how about you state clearly that you believe the women who came forward on the record and said
thank you for your courage ! together we will make lasting change so that girls and boys can reach their full potential without discrimination harassment or abuse . 
/ my grandparents were good people and both me and my mother knew they meant well . at that time ( around the mid   s ) in the south people didn  t talk about things like that especially from black women .
i  have tried to tweet about the different times i  have been harassed or when someone tried to assault me but i don 't really want to . it happens to everyone . even if you can stand up for yourself no one should have to fight someone off .
this hashtag .  sad to read . this push back against sexual assault is going to make a difference . pull that shit and you ll pay dearly
as you women vote for look your teen daughters in the eyes & tell them it  s okay for a man any man to violate their bodies & their daddy  s won  t be there to protect them because they voted for him to .
i  have been abused verbally but never sexually harassed as an right now . for that reason i encourage my kids to go into science  - related fields . not that it doesn t happen there  -  - but in my experience & as a physicist  -  - in science labs with scientists less so .
but it came out of nowhere like with moore . how come you don 't believe that women in this case step in front in the wave of me too ? suddenly this is a campaign ? this is just partisan nonsense that is leading you
and it  s his bad luck to be running 4 office precisely at the time molested women finally feel safe telling people about it .
instant  message glad something like is able to raise awareness of sexual assault . talking about it is part of the solution .
call to action for people of demand that this sexual harasser and all such predators in our goverment no matter the political affiliation be named so they can be removed from their position of power and influence . 
the overwhelming reach of shows how same old crap media can voices . all must work to end sexual abuse . thank you all for your courage !
alyssa milanos campaign goes viral as women step forward to support hollywood victims of sexual assault
friends in the tri  - state are a : if you have been a victim of sexual harassment in the workplace and have a story you would want to share on national television please pm me .
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence  men are gorilla pigs
you want   to use to give voice to women ? fine . but denial  of  normal  t you ever ever tell any man who has been assaulted to sit down and shut up .
i so badly wanted to be  cool  . he said we should  compare sizes  i didn  t know what he meant at first . i thought he was a friend like so many the  3 rd time i was  and it was here in atlanta . we were at a  4  0 th birthday party and there was lots of people .  /
not to make light of it or detract from what women experience but it happens to men too . i had to leave a job because i wasn  t interesting in dating my boss . the reaction when you come forward is the same . 
home sick watching working girl forgot how much sexual harassment is portrayed and of course treated as totally normal
remember : man women facing aren t famous don 't have high paying jobs & are doing work that keeps us fed clothed & comfortable 
everyday i wake up there is a new story breaking about sexual assault / violence / harassment / abuse . i am angry . i am tired . but i  m not going to stop talking about it . we can  t stop talking about it .
in thanks my husband hit me the police patted him on the back saying way to keep me in line . i was page . men must stop harming women
tiny  - hands trump .  see how the name calling game really works ? how about a stance on the movement ? do women get a say  president  ?
when people say why did you wait i am reminded of how positioned himself with his own daughter . how bill cosby played america s dad while drugging women . why ? because is a brave and lonely voyage that s why .
these fucking bastards keep going for schools and buses .  and the link between domestic abuse and mass shooters is way too strong to ignore . the next step after must be addressing domestic violence . 
. & if it s true slogan can we apply it  alabama men who sort out young girls on social media . i wanted  know if they would extend that  their victims or is that only  us senate candidates . 
exclusive : former joe biden secret service agent : we had to protect women from him  weinstein level stuff   women  - please stand up and tell your story if there is one to tell .
matters as a bartender i experienced many advances but once it came from my boss i reported to cops and was shunned told to report to i did report to because it was closure empowering & on the record . me when i say you re a hero ! 
my father  s was initiated when i was a child my brother  s when i was a teen . by the time my brother started i had a few strategies to stop at least part of it . what doesn  t get talked about often is the concurrent abuse by family members .
instant  message so glad this movement is happening and giving people strength to speak out but hearing these stories makes me so angry .
olympic gold medalist mckayla maroney says she was victim of sexual abuse by us gymnastics team doctor . her teammate said she was too on two other gymnasts previously filed complaints via
one of the awful parts of the hashtag is the number of excuses instant  message seeing jesus christ guys get it together please
my first web log post on psychology today : dear men : here  s why we denial  of  normal  t speak up against harassers
 if these allegations are true  you abusive buch of soulless men everyone of you should be run out of politics forever . we women will help you all make that happen starting with ryan cruz mitch and on and on
instant  message sharing the hashtag in support for all women who have been sexually harrassed or assaulted . some of us men hear & stand by you !
i was molested by a new at age  . at  a neighbor grabbed my crotch at a party . i was physically and emotionally mature for my age . those experiences altered the trajectory of my life . i can only imagine the trauma of being female and enduring this serially .
i have also received unsolicited messages from guys ( i knew ) regarding sexual advances . i had a guy friend get drunk and ask me
i figured the point of was to show sheer pervasive ness of sexually predatory behavior . to get a real idea men should be included .
unfortunately women knew it was this bad .  we are either or know someone who is  - only way through it is to talk about it frankly and ask others to speak up  - be allies not bystanders as gretchen writes about
in  women will experience gender  - based violence in her lifetime . we believe everyone has the right to live with safety & dignity . 
i was sexually abused from the age of  until i was  ( hence the in my profile ) i know first hand the damage it can do to kids ird need a lecture from u or anyone else . you went angrily personal bcz i disagree with u & there was no need still isn  t . and yes have  a good  day
i hope men are seeing the tweets & facebook posts w / the hashtag so that we believe women when they report harassment & assault .
women : anndd ? men : but were not all like that . women : we know . but some of you were clueless just prior to but we forgive but never forget . thanks for seeing what s wrong then fixing yourselves  men : old habits yeah know ? women : old habits on both sides need to die . 
yes from age  until my  5  0 s . sexual harassment & assault was just part of the job . i  d be cornered &  felt up  by gross older men . it was awful & when i reported i was made a fool of & job threatened . i was  . 
for the time a city worker cat called me from his work vehicle and the countless times men at bars see fit to touch my body
hi sam instant  message reporting today on the significance & meaning behind posting i know this is sensitive . would you be open to a interview ?
a black woman created the  me too  campaign against sexual assault  years ago . her name is tara na burke . 
news this morning said alyssa milano started the tag for sexual abuse . interesting rose mcgowan had called her out  4 not backing her
how empowering it is to see every day a new story about people coming forward whether it s hollywood or not and telling their stories about sexual assault .  our hats are off to you .
yes for me as well . it s heartening to know that more sexual predators are being called out for their crimes but it s heartbreaking for survivors to revisit old wounds to have them reopened in the process of these ongoing revelations . stay strong .
i love that since the report of harvey came out women have not stopped telling their stories . keep standing up against these monsters
professional tip : commenting you can t rape the willing on a woman s post is sociopathic . sure instant  message a comic but what the actual fuck brother
. celebrating  1 m followers today but so far nothing to say about elizabeth perkins public statement on a sign with his name and  - alleging she was a sexual assault victim of his .
the thread :  you told me to keep quiet or you  ll make my life a living hell  | victims out activist as a serial sexual abuser 
women are saying to share their experiences of sexual harassment and assault in response to the allegations against harvey weinstein
power in numbers . more women felt comfortable coming forward with their stories as part of the movement that followed the hollywood bombs .
look & laugh at these hysterical men crying over the backlash of their disgusting sexist & abusing behavior . were not succ u med victims anymore & you re going down . 
inspired me  2 write this : if you've ever crossed m me harm please don 't ev uh think that just because some time has passed that we can b cool or what u did was okay . don 't u know boiling water is at it s hottest whn it s been boiling  4 a while & it s barely any left in the pot ?
if you see tons of women posting & your response is instant  message a good guy not only are you missing the point you re part of the problem .
remember : many women facing aren t famous don 't have high paying jobs & are doing work that keeps the rest of us fed clothed & comfortable
every time i hear about a sexual assault victim i get angry . nobody was there to protect us and then often were called liars or attention getters when we come out . we deserve better .
women denial  of  normal  t report because no one believes u or they blame u . i was actually asked why i wanted to ruin their lives by blaming them . shaking  my  head
instant  message constantly learning awareness and not fear . stick up to this shit protect the people around you address this & kill it s power .
did the washpo pay them money ? you don 't think the weinstein scandal and resulting me too wave has made women confident to step up and speak out ? what do you mean by dems were okay with it before now ?
when instead of support you get questioned like it was your fault or accused of lying this is why people take so long to ( or never ) speak up about sexual assault and sexual harassment .
triggered by recurrent thoughts or memories of sexual violence ? find a therapist tell .  talk & get support . you  reply not alone !
her started when she was   - a baby . wake the fuck up . children aren t safe . we need to change the way we talk about sexual assault . 
and some people don 't and aren t ready . survivors should never be put on the spot & if you don 't know then there are more sensitive ways to ask . if has shown us anything it s how widespread this issue is ; we should all take pains to be conscious of that .
hi them ! this is mike at boston  news . instant  message sorry to hear about that incident . were doing a story on the campaign tonight .
small family business i was harassed by the bosses father in law . i told the only woman who worked there . she told me it s best you say nothing
in addition to ( because obviously ) i feel like i need to add : every interaction i have with a male stranger is through the lens of how do i not get murdered by this man ? i don 't want to have to live like that but it s the only responsible choice .
everything on twitter is a ) something un believ abl trump said b ) sickening tales of or c ) self righteous indignation about some off color jokes by can we stop electing morons abusing women and freaking out over brother humor ?
and real talk here for years .  years indigenous women have made claims of rcmp harassment . what happened ? ignored . if you denial  of  normal  t believe me look into the robert pickton case .
this is what is fighting against . women should not have to go off silently after slapping men . they should not be threatened into silence by men in power . a slap doesn t stop predators . let s teach girls to stab throat punch eye gouge or shoot them maybe .
last night i discussed in light of the  6 th commandment with the confirmation class and parents . i thought it went pretty well although it was way out of my comfort zone . i wanted to empower the kids to say no if or when acted up on inappropriately .
harvey weinstein case moves thousands to tell their own stories of abuse break silence  - the washington post 
then there are the too  - many  - to  - count occasions where men i didn t know went from soliciting my number and commenting on how hot or sexy or you name it i was to you dumb ugly bitch when i didn t reciprocate or welcome their advances .
the wolves of jeff city describes a similar culture of abuse & harassment at missouri s state capitol . like sacramento they re an insular system that silence victims & insulate s serial perpetrators . 
i want to hug every single person sharing their story tonight because instant  message so insanely proud of them . and i hate hugs .
starts a discussion on sexual abuse following allegations against former hollywood big shot harvey weinstein . 
let s talk shall we ? grab a chair . something to drink . tea ? vodka ? your choice . instant  message going   to tell you a story about a young girl .
me too . i don 't want or need to share details . it s scary how young it starts and how old some of the offenders are . be vigilant and hold people accountable .
it took years over coming battered women s syndrome and working as a dominatrix before i learned boundaries and how to say no . i will not let anyone shame me for saying no . who cares if everyone who s cool is doing it and i won t be in the in crowd rebecca evans
predator ial sexual misconduct is real in higher education . however when it is reported there has been a systemic failure to take such allegations seriously . it is an absolute shame .
moore seems to not realize he s in the window opened since the hollywood sexual predator scandal broke . god said what s in the dark will come to light . now is the time .
actress elizabeth perkins may have just accused james woods of sexual misconduct . she held a sign with with on it and james woods name at a sexual misconduct rally in la .  -  -  - >
/ i denial  of  normal  t have time to address all my as i need focus on my job  - where i work twice as hard to be credited listened paid same
in the fight against misogyny please copy and past male allies .  i want to know the scale of the support .
hey susan ! this is mike at boston  news . instant  message sorry to hear about that incident . were doing a story on the campaign tonight .
to men too : well said etc  1 stop  that let  s remember that violence against women is a men  s issue . we denial  of  normal  t harass & rape ourselves .  men will never b free or safe or loved until your sisters are free & safe & loved .
thank you for your courage your story your book your tour and the special will continue to benefit all who se them . your voice wa integral to the current movement . my words aren t enough but & & from my heart .
has many demons . want revenge . only now with has it been given air time . the elephant in the room assaulted by other men . easy targets to high profile men because they don 't talk about it . hides crime .
thread : i keep meaning to web log . but i know it s going to take a long time i want to structure it properly . or so i tell myself
as a survivor this one made my stomach turn . please tell anyone who thinks they know how to help the democrat party we don 't need or want trump voters !
or the time i was walking to fry s (  years old ) and a man pulled up opened the car door and insisted girl friends and i get inside
is posting anonymous stories that are sent to him via deathmatch . if you  ve needed to have your voice heard  - and your anonymity protected  - i would consider this thank you we hear you . we believe you . we are with you . 
changing culture : thank you to those who showed up in the streets this weekend to bring attention to workplace harassment in the entertainment industry : 
yes ; this story is awful & ice is dead wrong . however ; instant  message still curious .  are u going to give credit to the black woman who started
how does this benefit america address gov corruption keep people safe spur innovation and create jobs ? victim of defective brain s hunts that never happened ! yet these idiots get the press !
to all those asking  why are people coming forward now ?  my question to you is why not now ? !  the victims get to pick the time when they  reply ready to speak out  not you .
with moore gop are saying why now ? the answer is women in the last month are coming forward drawing strength from each other . reluctant in the past braver now . non pols getting hit too .
i  have made peace with a lot of things instant  message still angry that this is the reality we live in please know i believe and support you because
it s not just actresses who get harassed by colleagues twice their age . it happens to scientists as i have experienced too many times . this time i decided to write about it  via
i know i should have spoken out at the time but to be honest i didn t want any possible career clouded by it especially since the main guy made it clear if i ever spoke about it he would ruin me .
tried to put my money where my mouth is . donation made to i u counselling and psychological services for their extensive work in education prevention and care . reply my ironic tweet reply questioning the effectiveness of just making a difference . 
every single female friend of mine has a story . harvey weinstein case moves locals to tell abuse stories .
so .  him  we are all up in arms with about kevin spacey louie ck and harvey . our president if the united states has been caught on film talking about grabbing women . what the ham ! come on ! come on !
some stories aren t explicit and their subtlety can make it even harder to know how to respond . on this weeks minisode natalie shares an incident early in her career .  what would you have done ? if it happened to you ? to someone on your team
if the white women had such a f  - up time in hollywood god i know the black women actors stories are far worse . support
it happens in every community and everyone ( especially men ) needs to take responsibility and act like decent human beings
how about attacking & slut  - shaming rape victims who share their stories because you happen to be political allies of their tormentors ? the clinton s & their corrupt cronies made that a cottage industry in the  1  9  9  0 s . i remember . i witnessed it .
this feminist & healer is boycotting she thinks the brave women raising their voices are not living in the present are focused on past victimhood & should focus on healing pathways instead . one more path to if you ask me .
i had an aha moment . brad is an articulate successful philanthropic well  - spoken male leader in my community unafraid of role modeling how emotional vulnerability is a strength . men need more brads to begin authentic dialogue to truly engage
thank you for being brave & sharing your story ! twice in my lifetime . instant  message stronger & well but we never forget . strength & courage !
please take the time to read the stories . maybe if people understand how widespread the problem is we can better address the issue .
call them out ! alyssa milano .  rose mcgowan .  hollywood me too supporters ? !  fake ass allies instant  message crazy though 
not quite ready to tell the public my story but i want the other victims of sex crimes to know that i feel their same pain .
sexually assaulted as a child in foster care as a teen by three college ( male ) students drugged with a date rape drug
thank u for pointing out sexual abuse allegations against people continue to support such behavior because look who we have squatting in the wh . if he could get away with it then y shouldn t others .
as a survivor of sexual assault whenever someone states that they still like a man in spite of revelations of his sexual predator ways  - it feels like a cheese grater dragged across my brain my heart each flesh  - covered bump of my spine .
instant  message feeling very emotional tonight about the amount of instant  message seeing on my timeline . literally everyone i know . i am scared .
not once did i think that i would be using tweets to use as supporting evidence in an essay but instant  message so glad i chose a topic that needs to be heard
: the woman who created long before hashtags tara na burke was helping victims of sexual harassment long before alyssa mila 
can t help feeling that there s a lot of novels that never got published because authors were told no one was interested in those kind of stories . send me those queries lit fic genre even some memoirs rt please
i am inspired by people coming forward and sharing their stories . when instant  message ready i ll be able to share mine too .
this is awful & needs attention ; however instant  message still  waiting  to give credit to the black woman who started movement 
writing this out felt so good that i just drafted a two  - page letter to the current pastor of that church imploring him to stand for victims and be the change that we need .
my best friends ( at the time ) dad came home drunk & thought i was asleep . i shifted in my  sleep  hoping to scare him off . didn t work .
denial  of  normal  t know walsh freedom but defenders of pedi phil is usually belong to the secret groups practicing this sick attacks on children they try protecting each other . it  s an incurable disease all the are very traumatized by the arguing online makes us relieve it
it takes a lot of courage for a woman to share her story and go back into ptsd reply  - living her memory 
denial  of  normal  t feel guilty because you were afraid or froze . guilt & blame lies with the man who thought he had a  right  to violate a human being . 
i say this not for the cookies  -  - check back with us after what   ever been doing this for a few years . but i want people to know that one of the outcomes of is men organizing against rape culture . that action is being taken .
hey ceo if you can t openly take the side of sexually molested victims over those like who champion and protect rapists & pedophiles then i wouldn t worry about your stock your company is already worthless .
of course i don 't think it is the fault of women  - but there are plenty of men out there rolling their eyes at all recent women coming forward . instant  message a . and instant  message not suggesting silencing just caution as men will tire of the rhetoric and blame all of us .
everyone should retweet this statement . this happened to at  w position of authority . protect your daughters . denial  of  normal  t allow victims to be thrown under the bus . 
this is something i wrote a few years ago . instant  message sharing it again in light of the tidal wave of revelations in recent days . yep 
amidst all of these new allegations of misconduct i want to remind everyone that it s not your place to blame or decide if the accusations are truthful . just listen and support the victims .
ignore the haters and the idiots who hide behind their twitter handles . we are proud of you and thank you for your courage to come forward . our hope is that you inspired another woman to speak out .
as a child of the  7  0 s seeing women going back into the workforce and dealing with blatant open learn not to go to dinner w boss . not to go on trips w boss . moms talk to your daughters !
if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . please r & paste .
talk .  even happens in words with friends game on phone application ! seriously ! i quit if they denial  of  normal  t back off when i say i  m not available .
the thumbnail photo on this piece hits home for me . the amount of disgusting & sexually charged dms texts & emails from professional contacts i  have received like the one here is in the dozens . since the hashtag i  have often thought  myself : do those count ? yes they do .
sexually assaulted too many times to count . age  on up . from rape to inappropriate groping . boys  husband . co  - workers . strangers .
and were not just talking about the almost daily cat calling . case in point  - instant  message travel in alone this week and i  have been sleeping with a knife and pepper spray under my pillow . .  and it ain t because instant  message afraid of bears .
here it is i do it mostly to support victims & be part of possible change the more thought i put into it though the more i recall my own experiences that fit the mold but mild . i figured that s just the way it is . no more . my upcoming web log on
i denial  of  normal  t think people understand the importance of the hashtag for too long i have seen girls and guys alike felt voiceless like me .
yes . married  raised  think my daughter found  . work with some . denial  of  normal  t give up on half of humanity . but keep trying .
so now victims have  turn d other cheek & b ready  forgive their predators when they themselves had no qualms destroying career & continue  bully & deny their crimes u can go fuck urself  problem your just like them
it took me weeks to get medical & mental health help and eventually moved out of state for fear of seeing the person who assaulted me
i d need a thread for the details i started listing  - forcible touching kissing death threats raises offered  - from age  to now . didn t even realize the list was so long .
i never got the chance to tell this story to anyone because i never thought of it as a big deal but i think it is time . i was  or so when it happened and i didn t realize then how bad it was .
i don 't believe louis ck said that . i don 't know who he is but i know this rush to judgement and mentality is dangerous . ask emmit till if due process is important . . . oh that s right  - you can t .
/ when my mom told me her story i was never more proud of her and her strength . she always taught me to be confident with myself and to never let anyone bring you down but at that moment i became the woman i am today confident funny brave
rape culture is feeling you denial  of  normal  t have a right to post because you have only experienced groping street harrassment and threats .
classmate at us na . fellow service member . for  fuck's sake . took a long time to say it out loud and not blame myself .
i was assaulted when i was  by a  year old married pervert in his car . with his babies car seat in the back & a pack of diapers on the seat . that part always sticks out . i remember it distinctly . i can assure u i was terrified to tell a soul until i was a lot older .
bravo ! wasn  t able to have daughters but i have nieces & !  ) throughout my life it seemed to happen so often in some form or another i thought i had something tattooed on my forehead saying it was okay to take advantage ! ) nope !
i  m assuming we are to consider this the official wh shado  - meter response code for trump ? i sincerely hope that if her kids decide to enter their parent  s line of work they never have to be in fear that mo won  t believe them if they become 
i always felt safe & full of hope while watching oth . hearing what you had to go through be there  soon is disgusting . i stand with you woman of oth . i love you
the day when supporters can use the clinton s nutty slutty defense as they did against lewinsky are long over . has ruled the narrative and exposed and disposed of predators . we have only seen the tip of the iceberg .
three years ago my career in a  man  s world  was used as an excuse for being physically assaulted . i feared pursuing justice after reporting would prevent me from ever working in industry again .
alanah ! we do a live debate show and were hoping you d like to join us for an ep as a guest panelist ! what   ever got an episode coming up on and gaming that we think you would be a great panelist for . is our producer and can sign you up !
come to campaign creator tara na burke tonight at  in the cultural center theater . it  s an amazing event . hope to see you there !
my [ party  which should  ve been a place of a certain set of values  now shelters an abuser . [ i  m thinking of this when the gop presses against me and asks me to close my eyes just one more time . 
oh some guy said i looked good at work the other day then asked me out on the elevator . where does he think that s okay ? that s the kind   of crap most of it is . it s stupid
if i told you as an adult my dads cousin ( who creeps my instagram ) tried to jump in my bed after a night of drinking and my dad still hires him travels with him and drinks with him would you believe me ? does it matter ? he sent apology texts in the am .
instant  message going to list my direct personal experiences in science so far : masters student : lab head gets drunk at friday beer o clock
another time in college passed out at a friends house .  friend  came in and put my hand down his pants and forced himself on me .
that were strong enough to tell their story  - keep in mind the others who can  t or simply denial  of  normal  t want to share . this number is way off 
it s sad when it takes a trending hashtag to bring a light to issues . but click realize a problem exists ; work to improve our world . 
let our truth set us free . let s not be silent when locker room talk happens . let s accept our collective responsibility to speak up .
a relationship is supposed to be  no one is supposed to be in control of the other regardless of the situation of the person . it doesn  t matter if you a man or woman in a bad situation . denial  of  normal  t sit in silence .
what a brave & eloquent statement from anthony edwards . he  s absolutely right : there are millions of victims out there  one conversation away  from being heard & finding healing . we all need to listen . 
in  told cops he was molested and named his abusers but lapd listened to father false statement against an innocent evan committed suicide in  he suffered from bipolar disorder
take this home . if someone comes forward at your work and says so and so did this and the response is can t be . it s .  so and so . that would force the victim to have to provide even more evidence for their story . it causes more personal stress on them .
this week and christina laf on join taco talk . to quote christina we discuss comedy in the age of the ways we hurt each other and how were going to patch the hole in the spaceship before we all run out of air ! you don 't want   to miss this one !
remember . never too late . cause if you speak as soon as  possible it s a fault . if you wait in suffering you deserved . if you can t accuse you re likely to be charged on top of all if you even talk about it . 
tonight for the first time this publicly i posted my brief it happened at age  . took me until  years old to face it . now at  beginning to share . it s a long twisted treacherous path .
any comment about elizabeth perkins your fellow cast member from once up on a time in america putting your name on a sign that read it seems she is implying that you abused her ?
a babysitter a family member a stranger and my husband . i denial  of  normal  t think i need to add the details . read this thread . 
the rules change dail an unstable . what side of your mouth are you talking out of ? left = hate others right = nice policies !  thanks for the renewed ptsd . 
i don 't like talking about it but i was in a toxic & abusive relationship for  years in my early  2  0 s w / a guy in his  3  0 s . i was almost too old for him . he felt there was nothing wrong with him dating teenagers . told me that point blank . 
shouldn  t be surprised but number of posts is heartbreaking . hope bringing to light helps improve the world and victims find peace .
sorry instant  message going   to take a minute to be pissed and subtweet because i just fucking love seeing my ex react to friends me too posts on fb
this barrage of sexual allegations that is oozing out of every nook & cranny is getting sicker & more disturbing everyday . i do hope these reports are accurate  - very accurate  - otherwise a lot of people are getting hurt . some stuff happened to me though not as violent 
age13 came out as to my mom my father heard got his gun put it in my mouth & told me he  d give me something hard to suck on .
as a response to i and a few other men have been organizing a men s group to address rape culture develop empathy and promote healthy masculinity . last night about  dudes showed up to our first meeting .
i was  years old . a man walked up to me and my friend told him to leave . i denial  of  normal  t remember what happened thank god .
here for an anti think piece because i  have been getting harrassed for half my life and no boss male or female ever gave a fuck .
this subject needs to be talked about . i pray one day i can open up to my husband about my incident . afraid hell see me different
exposed will lyin gloria all red give victims a voice ? time bill & hillary s victims status bill clinton  how hillary covered up his history of sexual assault 
it seems like new stories are coming out every day from women who have been sexually assaulted or harassed in the workplace . and you may face it one day too . be ready listen to our newest podcast episode !
terry crews files report where s hollywood hw einstein victims to file ? pay attention folks .  mayor s relationship loose contract 2 in dwn t l . a . yet lpd lsd rapist & pedophiles . zero held accountable ? 
what  the  fuck ? seriously bad optic in light of the rape allegation disgraced directer brett ratner  s company  s happy birthday shout out to another disgraced director roman polanski
neighbor came out & i ran away in shame . felt i deserved it for being a bad girl . never told my parents even nearly  years later .
when you feel lost in dealing with evils of life it helps to go to facebook & find your friends & parents joking about oh wait no .
sending love to all those affected by gender  - based violence and those re living painful memories over the past few days . i see you .
i wasn t going to post because i felt it made it s point . but today someone yelled hey baby ! want   to get in my back seat ? so yeah
i was running alone in a wooded part of campus when i saw him wearing nothing but an open raincoat . ran like hell to get away .
what is consent if the law protects him before it protects you ? incredibly powerful personal speech from model & climate champion joining the dots between politics & society . watch : 
i was a college freshman  years old and studying for finals in the school library . reported it to library staff and he was hauled off by campus cops in handcuffs . but zero follow up after and i didn  t pursue .  just wanted to forget .  
.  [ is about changing the culture and having laws in place that protect women .  particularly women whose names may not land them in the new york times . .  i  m proud of you chicago . me too 
sexual assault survivors are men & women boys & girls computer  information  science & trans . it s time for all of us to stand together and say never again .
h . weinstein harassed individual women from a position of male privilege . there in lies my point males are more likely to abuse sexually harass women because of male privilege . i  m saying the original tweet was a sleight on
we knew from the beginning . we beyond knew it . the reason it s taken so long for so many to tell this story is that we were told all a long this is how the plot was meant to go . our uprising is not about the shock of revelation . it s about the power of revision .
i  m so proud of these women . a lot has come to light in the past  hours & although it s horrible it has been amazing to see the love & support that has come from it . instant  message proud to be an oth fan & a fan of these women even more
person in the community told of a trauma may b able  keep pace in conversation but checks out after . it takes minute  3 mom over  shoulder to process news 
patience .  sessions is being grilled trump will make a huge announcement today or tomorrow possible new clinton investigation earthquake in ira puerto rican death toll much much higher than  moore me too serial killer in florida russia claims u . s . helping isis
i have problem w / how harassment is now equated with physical assault . harassment is usually verbal . also assault can mean anything from touching outside clothes to penetration . the bandwagon is getting out of hand .
writing a longer piece but groped by strangers harassed and touched by a boss etc  1 stop  that reaction hot anger  2 and reaction self blame
why anonymously ? what s the point the is to give women a voice to stop hiding and to expose these evil men . society reared men differently with no respect for women s rights and dignity .
lately as we all know sexual assault has been in the news with from women ( and men ) who are finding the courage to speak up . some are using this issue to divide us on political lines . sexual crimes are not political . please stop .
groped . followed . cat called . lost friends for telling them  no .  and those are just the things i feel comfortable sharing online .
mom called  times today left  vms . the reason ? she saw my post and needed to talk . she  s  and having her feminist awakening .
because in middle school when boys were running their hands up my body & i said red light they thought it was a joke and kept going
please thank beverly young nelson for coming forward and telling her story . it was very brave and she will help many other victims to tell their stories !
didn t you touch all the boys in my grade s school class back in the early  8  0 s ? yeah that was you . i  have never said a word about it for nearly  years because i was so ashamed . you disgusting pedophile
ever heard . wouldn  t leave me alone . gone before boyfriend came back and no one around me helped . felt horrible for days .
whether or not you feel safe sharing today : i believe you . i hear you . instant  message sorry . thank you so much for the work you are doing .
i had a great conversation with rob ferret t ( also  alex  and  helen  ) on reply a turning point in addressing sex  - based harassment and assault . great questions ; important review of
i finally have the strength to fight back oh by the way i denial  of  normal  t fight to lose . something you should know before round begins
i guess some people are actually surprised by the how many people have experienced sexual harassment and abuse . for all the courage it takes to say what i d really like is for folks to step up and say or better yet or better still
talk to your children about abuse . there is a child right now being sexually abused . love believe & support them . start now . please
i have all my abusers emails to me on a disc . he was my therapist . in the emails he talks about having sex with another client  - taking pictures  - sending them to the husband . i gave those emails  the police  - her address even . my case was marked unfounded . thread
: meet the woman who created long before hashtags existed tara na burke was helping victims of sexual harassment long be for 
all men wanting to support please make a big fat donation to any rape crisis service . women need services and we need structural change .
public  service  announcement : monsters denial  of  normal  t live under your bed ; they live on twitter  - victim shaming those brave enough to share their stories .
thank you for getting it ! it is infuriating but it won t stop me from trying to change the status quo . for example after the lawsuit the school made significant changes to title ix . instant  message using my rage to make change so women never have to go through this again .
parents : do you know if your child has been or is being groomed ? recognize grooming steps prevent counter - strike [ child sexual a bus w these tools help keep your & other american children safe
thank you to our president for being an outspoken and leading voice on creating safe workspaces for women and men . sex harassment and assault causes ptsd and harms families and kids !
it takes courage to expose sexual harassment and abuse . women and girls benefit when men are confident enough in their own skin to wish them success  - and help them achieve it . everyone wins . karma . dharma . 
i thought for many years that it was partly my fault . that i must have asked for it in some way . and i felt incredible guilt and felt alone with no one to talk to . i was an adult with a shrink i could trust that the whole story came tumbling out .
who decided it was women s job to fix men ? instant  message done pretend ng sexual assault is a woman s issue . your shame isn t ours
and all the  people in defending & saying they  ll vote for him even as a pedophile is exactly why women denial  of  normal  t come forward sooner or if ever .  years ago & i  ll never come forward . these women are brave . sadly i  m not so brave .
all these sexual harassment and rape claims are getting out of hand !  has every man in hollywood sexually harassed or raped every woman in hollywood ? !  i have been a victim of sexual assault as well but this is getting ridiculous .
teacher  watching for rape . read this vulnerable honest & powerful piece . it is so important . it is important to listen to survivors & read & share their stories . 
if we can  t protect our children  what kind of people are we btw perverts denial  of  normal  t admit they r perverts  they hide their behavior .  disgusting & cowardly crimes against children & our seniors are the sickest of our society & should always b punished
it  s important  know that sex assault happens to boys  & most male predators with male victims r married with kids esp in churches
i just meant it is an important topic & important play not much coverage of unpleasant parts of us history occurs . does the me too model have proof ? would his story stand up to a defamation lawsuit ?  - that s what women have to think about .
boys too . please advocate for all children . i had friends both boys and girls who were sexually assaulted in our youth group it was a dangerous place . it probably still is . 
good morning friends ! more women come forward accusing a local politician of sexual assault . plus we have another warm day with a high of  degrees ! see you on cbs4 !
the thread :   i went to bed alone . i woke up having sex  |  women share shocking stories of sexual abuse 
instant  message not saying what he did wasn t wrong all instant  message saying is instant  message taking it all with a grain of salt because i see no reason to do otherwise . it s probably more due to the madness where every guy on earth is now a perp . ask a male stripper about women at their shows .
how patriarchy works : boies invests  million in twc . he refuses to disclose weinstein assaults file to birthday . birthday reluctantly agrees to  3 rd party whitewash . everyone makes money everyone gets to not know . only women s bodies broken . 
i guess the movement means no more naked women in movies ? i don 't think men would be as important because we be laughed at .  my opinion and before you trolls come charging i never harassed anyone .
what i miss in the hashtag mee too debate are empowering stories which tell of incidents when women successfully could prevent or fight back sexual harrassment or violence . any ideas ? ? !  ? !
how amazing is it that the movement gave thousands of women confidence to come forward with their sexual harass men stories to get even the most powerful and wealthiest of men under scrutiny for it . this is progress .
all i know is that every leaves me with a horrible rock in the pit of my stomach . i look at my daughters (  &  ) and think this can t be the world we leave them . i can t give them this legacy of regret and anger . we need to come up with a plan to give them more .
is such an important movement to show the unspoken side of assault & culture . thinking otherwise is just feeding into the rape culture of staying quiet & letting the assaulter win
the tag isn t too much . why ? because all of the women who can t find their voice yet get to see others that have found a new normal gone on to find love they give me hope . i stand before these brave women in awe & will continue to find my normal . s
and what about protection against false accusation ?  % of men don 't molest or rape anyone . so how can someone be protected against girls who suddenly decides they didn t like it and want   to just revenge cause you didn t brake up in good way ?
today wig d or llp has filed a proposed class action against on behalf of all riders who have experienced gender  - motivated harassment sexual assault or rape at the hands of their over drivers .
it was interesting watching it while the hollywood sexual abuse scandal and happened because to me it really highlighted how few degrees of separation many people ( men but also some women ) seem to have from the abject misogyny of the killers in the show .
i ll just leave this here for all the people using to generally paint men as predators or claim women are not :  i  have experienced  1 stop  that hand that this idea is a myth and it pisses me off to see it perpetuated . humans can be evil . get over it .
like many women i  have also gone through sexual harassment . so glad one of our scholars wrote this piece on practical ways men can help their daughters deal with that issue :
parents of boys : please teach your sons that no actually means no . even if you  reply in a huge group of friends spending the weekend hanging out & drinking together over new year  s . even if everybody  s hooking up . if one of the girls says no like i did she means it .
mark thank you for bringing attention to stories . we need more men to step up & support & defend women . we are moms grandmothers sisters daughters aunts cousins granddaughters .
instant  message so glad so many women now are getting a voice against sexual assault and sexual abuse it s a tough subject no one talks about .
survivors of sexual harassment sexual assault and sexual abuse took to the streets of hollywood on sunday to take part in a march and rally .
survivors of sexual harassment sexual assault and sexual abuse took to the streets of hollywood on sunday to take part in a march and rally :
it reminds me that although it seems epi demi it s a handful of sickos amongst thousands of honorable men & women within the industry and all around the world who are respectful and decent to one another . instant  message glad it s all coming out & the culture is changing .
seriously ? this essay is about sexual harassment & assault . we need male allies to speak out about the issues . i hope you ve got our back .
allemaal billenknijpers  la de oude bush . wach ten is operator clinton nothing about it felt right : more than  people describe sexual harassment on capitol hill 
somewhere in life respect got lost . i know what it like to work with men . instant  message worked at a golf course and busch garden and did what a man would do . then i had lawn company so no man has anything on me . i know
a warm thank you for starting the wonderful campaign . a vivid discussion is going on in finland too . eyes are opening ! things will get better for both women and  men . i ` m optimistic !
take your pick : * first boyfriend  -  * stranger at a party  -  ( the scariest by far ) * stranger at a bar  -  * partner at accounting firm  -  * guy at the gym  -  all r stories of assault or harassment spanning  years of my life . last  i reported !
sexual harassment even if you  ve never experienced it first hand is an issue that we should talk about on this campus . it happens to both men and women and can come from anyone . we should do our best to make sure it is addressed and proper support is provided .
thank you dear lisa ! love the picture with your mother . my mother just became a us resident  weeks ago . when she opened the envelope and saw welcome to united states she fell on her knees and cried .  and so did i . much love to you !
i ll tell you why now . it s only been about  days that our country has opened it s eyes to sexual predators and made it safe for survivors to tell their stories . pull your head out of your ass and look around .
i spent all of  minutes outside today on this lazy rainy saturday . but somehow in that short span of time while running to the grocery store for dinner i managed to get harassed by men . is
from this day forward instant  message calling out any man i witness engaging in sexual harassment . it s time to name names shame and blacklist
these stories break my heart but this is the reality we live in and it needs to stop . you  d be surprised by the number of women ( and men ) you know who have similar stories to tell . 
any male given hope after the kevin spacey story & need to tell their story of a predator please know the women will support you .
most men that i know men who respect women as equals are shocked when allegations come out about people like they are in shock when men they know are accused of sexually harassing or assaulting women . thread
i was  years  - old walking home from school when a man in a car slowed down & waved me over . thinking he wanted directions i approached the open window . inside the car his pants were open & he started furiously masturbating . i stumbled backwards & ran all the way home .
for all the women saying and sharing their stories just know there are millions more who are still in places and spaces where telling their truth is still too dangerous but proud of and everyone that shares
based on the new york times article this morning the movement is working more and more men are being let go of their jobs ! thank you all brave women !
having my timeline filled with & sexual harassment stories for the last month has conjured up memories of the messed up scenarios i  ve unwillingly found myself in . it  s more common than many realized i suppose . it  s a sad type of solidarity .
i did too . instant  message so disappointed in him . i keep almost calling & then not . i feel like someone should stand up for survivors & how we feel & react regardless of the truth of these accusations . he pulled this shit with too .
kudos to everyone exposing sexual assault & the tag  - but give credit where it s due . a black woman started it a decade ago . 
women deserve to feel safe and respected everywhere including the workplace . there is a strong link between sexual trauma and we will not stay silent about either .
we elected a known sexual predator & rapist as president that is hell  - bent on taking rights away from women .  things will get worse !
corey feldman molested by at club alyssa milano hung out at . this is where she pretends to know nothing . melt her phone lines & ask why she stood by while her friends were being child  - raped . are you sick of hollywood phonies ?
concerned about the number of people saying if you are a school nurse counselor or social worker register for our nov .  responding to student disclosures of sexual violence training  contact hours 
women on my tough  luck tweeting i see you . thank you for your courage . instant  message sorry you had to experience that . you deserve better .
urgency missing  in  action spectrum risk assessment is a huge problem for on the ricochet . pay no attention to the man behind the curtain  read all this article to understand the info beyond n da mou and unity covenants .
where to begin ? sexual abuse as a girl date  - rape in college harassment on jobs on the street stalked on  - line & in  real  life 
. u are grossly misinformed ; a number of men used  share their experience .  . how dare we ? how fucking  gay dare you ! to mini miz sexual harassment by comparing it  rape shows your level of ignorance .  . there are laws against catcalling . 
the list goes on and these structural factors are the reason is so widespread . instant  message more interested in talking about women s stories and structural sexism than a few powerful assholes who got grope y
i realize i  m about a month late on this and it  s a long & complicated story but . in short denial  of  normal  t think that you  reply being a hero by savin the perpetrator ( or their reputation ) at the expense of victims and potential victims .
key words : got no where . some women are not just ready to go public when they know the outcome is not likely to go anywhere or that they ll be torn apart as these women are having done to them . if you were a real victim you d have a understanding of this
female cast and six crew members united to publicly accuse  one tree hill  creator and former showrunner mark sch wahn of sexual harassment on the set of the locally filmed series .
spokane law enforcement created this beautiful video to bring attention to and help end sexual harassment . watch it . it s wonderful and is the brilliant work of
it  s quite possible every woman alive has been raped or sexually assaulted in some way . that  s a huge cost of living in a man  s world
listened to intvw on npr about sexual harassment at the network . anytime something is happening at npr and in churches workplaces and the capitol it s happening everywhere . is finally bringing the sins of powerful men to light .
is raising awareness of sexual assault but how does this affect the lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. community ? check out our fb page for stats & more info !
i don 't need studies to understand a world i  have lived in for  years . rape victims suffer life long injuries . individuals who commit rape shouldn t have sentences set aside simply they are younger than  .
it s absolutely incredible to see that all it takes is one empowered woman to step forward and then thousands of women have the courage to step forward too . so be that empowered woman who comes forward and be the voice your sisters need you to be .
wondering what would happen if we called out to all the sexist men harassers & offenders out there and asked them to admit by saying . time to end the cycle of violence . if you re a woman say
i can  t emphasize the  no one will believe you  aspect of keeping silent through & aftr any kind of abuse situation . because you know that for many reasons no  one will want to believe this seemingly affable guy cld b a calculating predator . a sociopath . there 4 you r lying or crazy .
for those people who still do not understand the movement or how pervasive and prevalent sexual assaul is here is a really good way for you to wrap your head around it .  it s real .  it s everywhere .  it s wrong .
for people who still do not understand movement or how pervasive and prevalent sexual assaul is here is a really good way for you to wrap your head around it .  it s real .  it s everywhere .  it s wrong .
rise n shine you can make the movement go beyond headline  - making politicians and actresses to all women and all workers regardless of race class creed disability gender orientation + identity .
i  have thought a lot about an important moment but (  ) instant  message not seeing many trans women or welcome  on cam share  - this space isn t safe  all
hey as women open up about painful sexual abuse why denial  of  normal  t perps start right ? let  s see twitter light up
million of women across the world have been sharing their experiences of sexual harassment and abuse in an online campaign using the hashtag on twitter and with rolling posts on facebook . 
was only  . most you  are  stupid are still navigating their early adulthood and learning who they want to be at the same time . one must feel compassion for her staying quiet then & finding her voice now . the story she tells is conflated . that  s what youth & begets .
the signs my family carried during the women s march earlier this year .   - mine   - my  6 year  - old who marched also   - my wife the artist showing off ! a lot more work to do to support &
sadly most women have experienced some sort of assault . mine happened in grade school . teach boys to keep hands to themselves
it would take me days to tell what has happened to me by males . instant  message old now . last month a guy  years younger sexually assaulted me
moved to tears reading friends  posts . sexual assault isn  t a joke . victims aren  t the problem . learn respect . oh also : me too .
where was get  a  life and hollywood when women like emma sulkowicz  and men were raped sexually harassed and bullied on us campuses ? emma carried a mattress  in protest . get  a  life gadot doesn t want to work with ratner on another wonder woman 
as headshot newspaper editor several girls told me a coach creepily pulled them aside and said they looked sexy . principal threatened to de  - fund my paper if i pursued the story . he s still a coach . girls never felt they could come forward after that . does that count as
we end rape culture for women and girls when we end it for boys . all of us on the front lines are targets of a system that supplies children as sex slaves for sick people in power 
when will academia join the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors who are sexual predators are now more protected than hollywood moguls or republicans . this needs to be exposed .
it s funny how republicans talk about bill clinton s sex scandal and now all kinds of women are coming forward about assult s by different republican men . at least clinton s was consensual .
did you rt please send help as well works to male or female sexual assault is not your fault . if you need to talk :  . hope ( ) ( ) 
we are all human . and we shouldn t let politics trample all over our beliefs . women shouldn t live in silence or live in fear that no one will believe me anyway . i d be better off staying silent . don 't let fear take away your voice .
key lesson reply : recent allegations against popular men whose movies and shows what   ever liked : as you act today think of tomorrow s repercussions .
harvey weinstein scandal : new woman claims forced oral sex in new york . bravo to the women that keep standing up to predators !
the movement has been decades in the making . new at  a powerful interview with a washington woman who helped pave the way for others to come forward and speak out against abuse .
instant  message sure you ll love this . so proud of you . you & created more than a hashtag you created an historical movement . artist ellen gallagher visualizes the spread of the viral campaign | artnet news 
me too . if all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too as a status we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem . please cop
you know it s funny . not one year ago i was sexually threatened in . i reported it pointing out the terms  of  service violation etc spoke with my lawyer talked to authorities etc . told me to get over it .
the incredible story of a woman s fight for justice and dignity . you can be a backers of this project please donate for this story to be told to the world go to the link :
 this has waited over  years to bring a complaint four weeks out of an election  moore said .  it  s obvious to the casual observer something  s up . yeah if they re completely unaware of the tsunami of women coming forward on this very issue right now .
made me realize most men go their whole lives without a single cat call or ass grab but most young women can t get through a week
me too . this was hard to write and admit to . but if this starts a conversation and makes people think about their words and actions then instant  message glad instant  message posting this .
women with multiple corroborating sources accused him . all point to his courthouse as the place where he used it for his predatory actions . i think there is cause for concern here . with the movement more are gaining courage to speak up finally .
while what happened is tru y terrible i think you women are amazing for making your voices heard . you re sending a message saying never except something just because everyone else is .
the clash between new and old . new is ground has shifted after after weinstein + more + old is gop white men club still playing by old power rules . today s moore chaos ( but virgin mary ! but consent ! but he s our guy ! ) demonstrates many men don 't see shifted ground .
that s right + start the clock because your predatory days are over ! all god  - fearing men + who sadly far too many know call coach he s outta prison now + once  2 and in line to 
i am so proud of every individual who has spoken out against sexual violence . your stories deserve to be heard ! we will not be silenced . keep  them coming and expose every predator .
the world should take note that assaulting women in any way : verbally sexually or physically regardless of intimate relationship status will no longer be tolerated . we will no longer be silenced or objectified .
it s simple . = harm we can t prevent = trauma caused by human action . if you act in any way that  . causes someone to feel harmed and  . unable to stop you in that moment ding ! you have abused someone .
are you with or against roy moore ? if i had to take an educated guess i would say you relate to this sexual predator ! america has not forgotten your questionable past with women ! women never forget !
( the management said i was  disgruntled   unbalanced  and  vindictive  . no . i had just had enough . women must deal with the fear of this blowback for trying to tell the truth and it doesn  t just happen on a large scale . please spread the word .
this is exactly how sex offenders think :  at the time i said to myself that what i did was okay because i never showed a woman my penis without asking first which is also true louis c . k . said in a statement 
countless verbal assaults . groping  - even in religious places . unwanted physical touch  - d  1 s men think go unnoticed n we denial  of  normal  t forget any
can t run before we walk . still people who don 't realize the magnitude of rape culture / sexual abuse . glad the word is getting out
i was  ; so glad this is a subject that is now being talked about openly . makes people like me realize i  m not alone it  s not my fault & i denial  of  normal  t need to feel ashamed
ever since weinstein crashed from his depravity i  have been wondering when louie would finally go down too . i want   to say instant  message surprised how long it took but laughing  out loud guess what instant  message not .
i  have been cat called felt the need to go insid into a crowd of people to get away while running outside . too many times to count .
street harassment ; lewd comments ; groping ; constant pressure for sex ( professor boss ) ; naked guy broke in dorm room ; rape .
seriously i feel like every day another famous person or influencer has a track record of either sexual misconduct sexual harassment rape etc . we as a society need to do better . 
there was a teen bully in the new neighborhood who exposed himself to little girls like me i was  the first time he accosted me . he sits in jail to this day for raping a woman many years later . it starts early in teen boys . i said nothing for over  years . 
it is even on twitter . a profile with stark naked woman likes or retweets one of your tweets . the profile text says something like fuck me baby or watch me on live camera are there other men that experience this ? if you do . join the hashtag to stamp out harassment .
the sheer number of stories are heart breaking . we as a society have to encourage victims to speak & take action against perpetrators
imagine the day that the viral hashtag is computer  information  science men owning up to ways they have personally perpetuated gender  - based violence .
i know he knew i was stronger . this is where my becomes more different and similar . i grew stronger from the assaults . from  years of therapy the support of my family my partner i was strong enough . but even now it haunts me . i denial  of  normal  t socialize the same . that fear .  /
 what could i have accomplished if i  d been able to put that energy elsewhere ?  this is a question women in every male  - dominated profession and country and organization could ask . men need to understand the enormous anger women feel about this . 
i think i might just start tweeting all the unsolicited penis pictures i receive a long with their details . if i don 't ask to see your penis don 't send me a fucking picture of it for  fuck's sake .
my entire facebook feed : hundreds of posts . not sure if instant  message happy people feel safe enough to speak up .
if someone put up a about me especially from someone who is well known in my industry i d demand answers publicly . and be pretty bullshit about it . and since he is an outspoken person i just assumed some type of response any would have happened .
. excellent questioning sessions today ! puts him and other committee members to shame . if i could vote for you i would . need more women like you in congress to address important issues including those challenging women today !
i don 't have a picture to share . i was already a by the age of  . i loved hanging out with friends and playing sports but i always wondered if my friends had grandpas and uncles who touched or kissed them . i felt too dirty and ashamed to bring it up
again . do you believe me becomes the question all your daughters your sisters and your mother s are waiting for you to answer . how you reply to these women in this case is all that matters . live your truth . 
thank you for sharing this essay ! one reader says it helped her find the courage to speak out & get support after a man entered her home with the intent to rape her last week .
fascinating sunday night read courtesy of speaks to need for starting conversation early to understand & prevent gender based harassment & violence . 
instant  message going to call it a night . thanks to all who sent support tonight ; everyone who bore witness ; & solidarity with every other victim
both sides ? what  the  fuck are you talking about . i think there s probably empowerment after the moment . why is that hard to believe ? also more than one of the moore accusers are long time republicans .
chicago is safer for all hotel workers union and non  - union because of the courage of members who organized against sexual harassment ! congratulations to these women on a major win and a much needed law . 
never thought i  d say it publicly but not as bad as some girls have gone through but i endured traumatic emotional abuse from my  1 stop  that love for a year & later made to feel uncomfortable by a co  - worker .
age  pervert put his hand up my school skirt on tube train age  store manager grabbed private parts  - no should not b the norm
her account gave me chills . it brought back a similar experience that i had with a man doing the same to me . i didn  t get away and i was older . it still haunts . i  ve never allowed a man to drive me anywhere since that night in  .
3 rd assault : boss at summer factory job called me into his office closed door kissed me ; i pushed him away left . > > i was fired < < .
if god forbid you experience rap assault in usa please go to hospital for free services . you denial  of  normal  t have to report to police . learn more : 
every minute and a half someone is sexually ass ulted . sexual assault is still a growing problem especially on college campuses . let  s come and support survivors allies or however you identify to stop sexual assault !
that s how it works . for the pedophile it s a momentary conquest a power play a rush of testosterone . for the once  - innocent it s a life changing trauma that leaves deep mental and emotional scars scars which never heal and can be ripped open to bleed profusely .
that s how it works . for the pedophile it s a momentary conquest a power play a rush of testosterone . for the once  - innocent it s a life changing trauma that leaves deep mental and emotional scars scars which never heal and can be ripped open to bleed profusely . 
wow i was just saying ? !  & no not just a damn hashtag ? !  i denial  of  normal  t type trends for it s sake this some serious toxic male shit !  it exists and cont d  s to ! 
as a  1  2 year old boy . in a small raft on a lake . the dad of a friend i made on vacation wanted to take me for a quick ride . i said okay . then  minutes out from shore he fondled & massaged my genitals with his feet . i told him to stop but he didn t . i had to jump out & swim away
a friend of mine shared her story . a man respond that she needs to learn self defense . how about we teach people not to harass .
thanks for sharing this piece as the son of an american female of african  - ancestry ( who climbed barefoot up mountain on her way to a phd ) i painfully celebrate the current attention ! as an empathy  - coach i feel optimistic & hopeful ( cc :
funny or rather sad to see how some man are reacting to some being very angry and worried about how to approach women without being sued maybe that we should write a guide on how to speak to women . and that saying hi chick is not the best way for a first contact
not for my sake but i reported a man forced entry into my home with a deadly weapon and sexually assaulted me . i was an adult with no ulterior motive . nothing came of it . so don 't ask women why wouldn t you come forward sooner ? ask yourself why didn t we listen ?
if someone shares the first time they were as a child exposed to a strangers genitals it is in terrible taste to push your shitty product . your spray does not belong in every conversation that uses the word chlorine . this was disgusting . again ! thanks !
is soliciting stories . i shared about the  1 stop  that time a man masturbated in front of me against my will . as a writer i know that sharing our stories is an act of courage : today i learned that asking for stories is akin to bestowing empowerment . 
imagine the hyper vigilance women go through daily obsessed with how they look dress smell amount of makeup to rape  - proof yourself ; that in and of itself is traumatizing . that s the shit women endure for right to work .
heart broken listening c span to a young air force woman bravely spoke to house committee about her rape bashing struggle to survive
spotted : a group of men open to a conversation on consent + a father waiting for daughter to get her hair braided . things that give hope .
disagree conversations isn  t going to change anything . only strict punishment & laws will chats keep happening on many issues without any consequences for the guilty . people have a habit of getting away .  that  s got to stop . 
stigmas continue in the us . i was raped by my divorce attorney in my twenties . and heard who s going to believe you ? at the time i told very few people about what happened and was quiet for almost  years . now worry about other victims due to my silence .
definitely does not want you to see this sexual assualt lawsuit filed against him in  alleging : complaint for rape sexual misconduct criminal sexual acts sexual abuse forcible touching assault battery .  
sexual predators make sick excuses on why they choose to prey on children for sexual gratification . instant  message so glad the light is shining brightly were you evil beast can no longer his .
i can t watch this anymore !  my hands and whole body s shaking with sadness and anger at the same time . i need to take a walk with my fur baby . what  the  fuck is happening ?
a very important read from  it  s time we with sound mind and deep conviction call predators out within the church . it  s time we stop tolerating it stop looking the other way hoping things will improve .
oh please ! they all want justice . bill is a rapist and no one will actually talk about it . i hate the and the and instant  message so it hits close to home .
been getting cat called since the age of followed as i walked home asked by middle aged men if i wanted to  ride  or have  fun 
bill clinton : a reckoning feminists saved the  4  2 and president of the united states in the  1  9  9  0 s . they were on the wrong side of history ; is it finally time to make things right ? 
we had to come so far to reach a moment . for myself i can recognize some powerful guides a long the way ( especially time and twitter ) and writing has been and continues to be on that list . 
i was  . i posted about my experience a year ago on facebook before the movement really took off full force .  it is really sad to se all the stories out there about how systemic this problem really is in the world .
survivor support is critical . as it is with cancer survivors . but with cancer we also seek to kill the cause and find a cure . is powerful but more needs to be done to protect victims before they re preyed up on . 
worked at tiny  male web shop . aftr mom over  shoulder of nasty locker room jokes etc i read riot act on sex l hrs s mnt & hostile work env . then quit
a victim my whole life  - molested date raped ( violently ) and sexually harrased  years until i was forced to leave my job at ksc ( they got him though ) he taught ethics to executives and  1  0 k workforce . uphill battle .  investigations later . i have always believed the woman .
mt this ! phot oh them gee doc ! as a gender ally non violent  - empathy coach & member of team  - humanity this gave me style ( thank you goosebumps * to the voices of we believe you (
i doubt people understand the trauma . i was driven to the middle of the woods when a ~ nice guy who suddenly turned into something out of the shining threatened to dump me there if i didn t do what he wanted .
kept under wraps because .  why does it take so long to report ? garland never had a snow balls chance in hell for a normal life . a cash cow to her parents a play toy to movie moguls threats .  she was a with no voice no 
always stand with the victims and survivors . it is it is let s fight this awful dark side of human beha ivor regardless of political opinion race gender or anything . i always will !
men in my family are very loving caring and hard working . they have all been an example of what i search for in a husband . however you tweeting this is a slap in the face to victims posting on the hashtag . this movement isn  t about demonizing men ! it  s about awareness . 
finally good news of a pastor reporting child sex abuse allegations : doc who worked at children  s hospital professor church mentor 
samir sheikh blamed me of course for cutting short his role of playing victim with new girls and ladies on the internet and offline block . who told him that he had all the liberty to lure others stalk them creep them out and bully them ?
a few bad apple s . not systemic widespread acceptance of abuse . not the fact that every woman i know has experienced this every single one ; math would suggest that a helluva lot of men are to blame . not the thousands of tweets . just a few bad apple s .
the time i was in a pretty dark funk and got dressed up nice to try and feel better only to have a guy grab my ass on the walk home
1 stop  that time age   -  by boss . most recent  days ago online . talk to your daughters cause when your young u think u brought it on ;
when the access hollywood tape came out was when i spoke publicly about my assault . it was scary . i had someone blame me by asking what i had worn as if that was cause of the assault . i was   - it was a pe uniform . i didn  t talk about until  .
failed just like and failed my son . not all police are good guys when it comes to sex crimes against children . reports filed .  nothing done . 
honestly i wouldn  t even blink if this came out of next tweet storm . side note : after tech venture capital entertainment + can please take down our rapist  - in  - chief ? so gross . 
it took to call a in oz before i was able to speak out about the wrongs of my youth . until then church & school hid behind a veil . my parents accuse me of lying &  we were good parents to our kids  .
 nda s mous loyalty clauses and unity covenants . what kinds of things guide and hold rape as cost of business in your community . it isn t just the movies . what happens after are you ready to address and prevent known risk ?
i haven t spoken about the hashtag and haven t addressed anything associated with it . it s because i  have been lucky enough to never experience rape in any way so i don 't feel as if i have the right to give my opinion . after reading the article i previously posted .
public  service  announcement to all daughters out there : ask your parents to teach you how to kick boys arses if they overstep their boundaries and don 't take no for an answer . ps you don 't have to become famous to feel comfortable about doing this . 
. & please if it true a common diversion done by republicans bit  torrent it will not work . will u be inviting roy moore over  the family picnic should he be elected  the us senate  2 be around your children & grandchildren . 
i have had guys flash their penises at me since i was ten & had my first paper route . police were called & the officer asked me why i didn  t write the man  s license plate number in the snow . i quit delivering papers . i guess the lesson there was stay inside pretty girl .
broke news on huffpo looks like this today roy moore is making headlines is not going away ! at our next gen poetry slam after was a powerful call to action . watch here :   
which often takes the form of self hatred and self abuse via drugs alcohol cutting & promiscuity in a desperate attempt to find the  clean sexual connection  that scrubs away the memories of the dirty one . sadly sometimes it ends with suicide . 
however the world isn  t perfect and woman get assaulted men get assaulted even . you have to plan for stupidity and danger . diligence behavior can prevent i  m not saying the women is at fault but she can protect herself from harm . 
sexual assault is truly about power . about taking away the other persons power . is it any surprise that you find these people in powerful positions ? in thinking there are a ton more that we haven t heard about . heartfelt prayers to this victim .
he was my father  - in  - law in later years . his daughter was my best friend at the time & he was driving me home & had the balls to ask me if i thought my mom would let me go to oc md with him & his daughter for the weekend . i was  & knew what his intentions were . 
how many roy moore s and harvey weinstein s exist in the corridors of power ( public and private ) in nigeria ? how many beverly young nelson are there quietly dealing with their pain while watching their assaulter climb the corporate or public ladder oblivious of their pain ?
thank you for your tireless reporting ! possible next story ? when will academia join the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors are now more protected than hollywood moguls and republicans .
every time i tried to come forward with my claims i was told that nobody would believe me or  not to be that girl  . i stayed silent . i regret staying silent for so long because his behavior extended to other female employees and customers
millennial men : do you support the campaign that aims to raise awareness about the prevalence of sexual harassment and assault ? why or why not ? tweet us or call   -  . we may play your response on the air .
society needs to recognize the horrifying reality of sexual harass men happening against women every day in the united states
instant  message seeing calls for men to stand up against sexual harass men powerful women can be just as complicit in allowing abuse .
these revelations about members of congress harassing exposing themselves to women and the like in  are appalling . but not surprising . i worked on the house groc   -  and interned in the us senate in  house in  in high school  -  - it s sadly all true .
as a woman i feel solidarity & empathy for yet physically tired & sickened by our stories . the very idea that a woman wouldn  t be believed after alleging sexual abuse leaves me speechless as to why men think we  d go to such lengths .
ladies know first hand how you both feel . realized after coming forward that rat pac & brett  s friends colluded to stunt my career . thank you . this does tragically in an exponential paradigm affect of colo women . i feel broken .
hey men on twitter please take a look at the hashtag . listen to women believe their experiences & take action against misogyny .
if you haven t experienced assault abuse or harassment it is likely someone you know has experienced it . we need to come together to say this is not okay & to demand change . so inspired by the courageous women who have shared their stories
this happens beyond hollywood & don 't c are & big corporations . can you get cnn to cover how it happens in small businesses & offices & restaurants . all the stories from places that aren t well known . i d love to watch the panels talk about that .
dkc client ceo christa quarless was a part of the panel at next gen summit about how women are coming forward sharing their stories of assault & harassment in silicon valley hollywood & beyond and what comes next .
instant  message so sorry grabbed your penis or cupped your precious balls .  but you re a man there wasn t any rape ! & we all know gay men are a bit fruity too . grow up man up ` & move on . he s no weinstein
kim samuels latest huffington post article encourages everyone to truly convey to women everywhere i believe in you and calls for actions against sexual harassment in our society . 
it  s about time ! and yet some in positions of power are championing the men that  s scary . women are on a slippery slope back to the   5  0 s as it is .  we denial  of  normal  t want to end up living the handmaid  s tale . can  t believe after  + years we are still dealing with this crap !
tbt . in  included me in an article reply mst . i had asked for i guess investigation into sexual assault at federal school . result ? i was told to resign or be fired . time to start talking about how fed govt hides sexual assault & rape allegations . 
we must hold wealthy white women accountable to those of us on the ground . we elevated their stories of rape & harassment as well as gave them voice on social media platforms . we legitimate d their stories and said coalition building is a must for authentic policy reform .
people are finally listening .  weinstein ceos kevin spacy comedian cj raised awareness . no conspiracy just women + men not willing to accept abuse anymore p * $ $ y grab n pink hats
my attempt to create a thread of my sexual harassment experience is  tweets . your re welcome to try to read it . instant  message quite upset .
if has paid out  in claims of sexual harassment american taxpayer has every right to know who it was & demand they resign .  no matter what party ! plus they should be made to pay back the payments made in their behalf !
the abuse was rampant in our dept . too . and as a grad student the profs used their power to prey . i was not believed or told not to say anything and once i did speak up was blamed and shamed by women as much as by men . but i ll never be silenced again . in solidarity !
support pay tipped workers minimum wage require victim  - centered hotlines and services zero tolerance for back of the house wage theft and sexual misconduct include wage and harassment complaints in restaurant reviews . 
instant  message increasingly frustrated to see the public discours on sexual assault & rape met with silence by lawmakers . how many have to say before we get criminal justice reform ?  / 
 call to public officials : reject aphrodisiac of power  for swear sexual contact help  sorriest performance that of hillary clinton  feminists got laryngitis women forgot sisters pain
it hasn  t gone away not from the  1 stop  that time nearly  years ago or two years ago . it is like damp denim crawling on my skin . it happened to i  m a man . i own guns . i played sports . it can happen to anyone . i  m sorry it happened but i  m talking on the chance it helps . end
i  m not disagreeing . trust me . i  have screamed and cried . i work with victims . i have a  year old daughter . i  m just saying there are men who need to know where the line is . not because they are assault i ve . they are scared .
background on continued : following allegations of sexual assault and harassment against harvey weinstein in  celebrities took to social media to address the problem : 
the inimitable miriam joel s on launched project to help create safe spaces & allies for survivors of ptsd & sexual assault . we all have an essential role to play to support victims . 
all eyes on who tonight is giving voice to those who have been unable to give voice to their experiences . feeling heard is so critical to healing . ya shar i think you will never know the true magnitude of what you are doing .
this week i read about an acquaintance accused of sexual harassment . they were nice personable fun to work with . this behavior is unacceptable . this stuff gets hidden unless people speak up .
why would we go public with accusations of sexual assault by powerful men ? we don 't get anything from it . we do it because it s the truth . we may protect other women . and we are finally telling them it was wrong .
the power of the campaign : my high school daughter said that the girls at school are all talking about boys they have had problems with and warning each other whom to stay away from . this is forward progress !
these members of congress should be exposed not protected . out them . so they can be censured or worse . we will never stop sexual assault by powerful men unless we start naming names and making them accountable for their conduct .
a shift is happening in our world with how women are treated . the conversation has gotten real . why have we not been teaching consent all this time ? because those in power did not want us to know about it .
yep well will this really change anything ? while women are opening up in about all the pain of harassment and assault i feel that many men are actually saying not me . i hope your piece will get through to men .
okay so i  m chiming into this hashtag because i haven  t seen one male react to the campaign when we know sexual violence is a men  s issue that will only be reduced if they step up . i  m pretty disappointed in the lack of reaction
he can hide and lay low for a while . his family or even his aunt won  t be able to protect him this time round . his family played a dirty game years ago in kuwait so he got off . his criminal record remains with the police and it will come out .
quick reminder if you  reply a man you can stop another man s career with telling your story . if your a woman you need at least  others to say but if your a  kid trying to say you were assaulted your a liar .
i should be able to offer a stranger directions on the street accept an overture of friendship kiss a boy i like and be friendly to colleagues at work . yet at times each of these has led to sexual aggression or assault . that s not okay .
if you don 't know why a woman wouldn t go to hour then you re completely ignorant about telling people they re raising their voices in the wrong way is just one more avenue of why do women stay silent ? because of responses like yours .
instant  message sad to say the abuse is just the beginning . for years your sense of smell awakens at certain points people not honoring your space so many things interrupt your life . be the strong women you are and speak out for yourself .
the movement should open our eyes to a deep sense hurt & pain women & men have experienced . even the meek est voice deserves respect .
let  s be very clear . a  year old cannot consent to sex with a  year old . if you  reply like and you are finding a way to defend this monster you like him might just be the scummiest people i  ve ever heard of this isn  t a partisan issue period
i hate that women feel the need to say to let our peers know sexual assault & harassment is real . if you need to personally know someone to believe it  s a problem then you are a large part of the problem .
in other words they heard the whispers long before dam broke .  someone knew ; someone always knows . see weinstein . always .  speaker paul ryan says allegations against roy moore are credible  
i  d on facebook too but i  m way too messed up to discuss my personal tragedies and way too in different to be simultaneously ambiguous so there you go . i feel weird even saying this . sorry not . spent two days in the hospital . it happens all the time .
in most cases i hope they do . it s often how you put it that can become an issue . literally just the way you say things . cleaning up language etc . is important right now . but actually having to think about did i say that right ? really  sucks .
so like hollywood and harvey weinstein much of the folks in alabama knew about roy moore ? and folks stood clear of him . i hope all survivors of abuse in al especially aren t discouraged to speak their truth .
ellen page posted a powerful statement last week about her own experience with sexual harassment in the film industry . read the full post here : 
cc as a calls  - on lawmakers for bi  - partisan review of the discipline process in response to sexual harassment under the gold do me . click on the link for ccas as full statement :
here is burke s recent piece in the washington post about how while was started for black women & other racialized women they continue to be systematically excluded from conversations about and actions against sexual assault : 
a difficult storyline brilliantly written . i  m sure it will go some way in encouraging other women and girls to report these attacks and seek the justice deserved . thanks for a fantastic review of ! 
this next part my husband doesn t even know .  i got pregnant . i called and told him ( her rapist ) . he came drove me to a clinic threatened me again handed me a without  a  doubt of cash and told me you better take care of it . to my everlasting shame i did .
gentlemen on this thread : bigger picture . the predators were all open secrets until a month ago . we women who have been sexually assaulted kept the secret from fear and shame . 
sending a lot of support and love to everyone sharing their story . this was incredibly terrifying to share and i know instant  message not alone .
i want to add to this conversation in a meaningful way so to put the on us and emotional labor back on men  - you too my twitter followers have been the perpetrator of sexual harass men on a woman . what are you going to do about that ?
a fb friend of mine posted this as a response to the campaign . he says it s a joke . when i asked him why he made this post . he said it s okay to joke about serious issues . maybe but there s a time a place and a more respectful way to do so .
sad day to see so many posts . working in a women  - made  to look bad company helped me avoid a weird power  - perverse culture .
it  s not just one but  women coming forward all pointing to moore using his courthouse for his predatory actions . the first accuser voted for trump romney and mccain . she  s not after republicans . it  s not political . if anything she got courage to finally come out from
sorry for my long response . i get so angry when folks especially women bad mouth those of us who ve experienced this . most of my female friends have stories .
it seems that this is meant as a distraction . eventually people will become desensitized to the everyday breaking news . it is going to do more harm than good for the victims of actual rap assault . i  have already seen comments that are normalizing the behavior .
question . why are women so confident to put all over the internet but are afraid to report the incident to people who could actually do something . if your story goes viral wouldn  t you fear your attacker ? that  s a lot of reasons it goes unreported .
rt the incredible story of a woman s fight for justice and dignity . you can be a backers of this project please donate for this story to be told to the world go to the link :
at least  different times .  1 stop  that time age  . last time  years ago on beach near rome while i was reading . so mad i chased him ( naked ) for  minutes up & down beach as he begged me to forgive him . when i reported it to cops cop asked : were you naked too ?
love how you show your beautiful wife an amazing woman support . and for support to all ladies of you re kind soul thank you for being you an amazing man . also a survivor myself . yes will get loud .
seven years ago tonight i survived . i won t tell you it gets easier . what i can say is this : you will rise up . you are more powerful than you know and you will become stronger than you ever thought imaginable . instant  message a survivor . you are too .
i  m sorry for the amount of stupidity in the comments of this tweet . if this is true it should be called out . and yes it often takes women a long time if ever to reach a point they feel they can speak out .
i  m sorry for the amount of stupidity in the comments of this tweet . if this is true it should be called out . and yes it often takes women a long time if ever to reach a point they feel they can speak out . 
instant  message mad reading comments on stories about experiences . victim blaming slut shaming fame whoring .  enough ! abusers are the bad guys !
i became aware of my body for the first time on a youth group trip to a lake . we were wading in the water when a grown man passed on a jet ski and yelled  hey jail bait !  we were  . but this is just one small story .
/ instant  message still anxious in parking lots even in broad daylight because aggressive drunk men tried to force themselves into my car after work one night while i was just trying to go home after an  hour shift at  am .
of course stories are adding up . sexual toxicity is woven into fabric of our public and private lives . now let s get our grown up shit together and prevent anymore stories from happening to our kids 
are you familiar with the beloved npr program car talk ? can we put together a podcast offering for a call in show where women can call in and report sexual assault and discuss on air what to do next ?
dear hollywood in light of the current debacle now involving harassment and assault it should be obvious to ask this be done from this day forth : let s keep it in our pants shall we ? this goes for all not just one certain gender !
it saddens me to see this . no one should have to deal with it . sadly it happens everyday . it has happened to a lot of women one way or another . we must stand together . whether you  ve been grabbed in the street or worse it  s time to end this once and for all .
i  have been noticing things about myself these past few days . anger and bitterness towards men in general . on edge when i see a man walking towards me . clutching my pepper spray as i walk alone on campus . this is what us survivors mean when we say
teach boys to respect girls . fight bullying . foster dignity and respect . mandate training . set up confidential hotlines independent investigations vct i m services and whistleblower protections . ban nda s . allow plaintiffs to sue harassers and enablers . 
this thread makes me sad for it s sheer number of me too responses . however the support people give to each other is heartwarming . freaks who think it s okay to take what they want can never bring us down to their level . 
you call a someone who was molested as a child a bitch ? who ever said are party of family values ? this lady came out now because there is an avalanche of women coming out exposing predators . no one other than lawyer defended him
at the rate we are going would all the men who have not sexually assaulted or harassed another man woman or child please stand up ? looking for a safe place to sit .
so many of us have big reasons for but all of us have little reasons . all of us have been objectified . my most prevalent is having people buy me drinks at a bar or restaurant and then when i say thank you and move on i  m called a bitch because i didn  t go home with them .
thanks to the movement this might be the best time for the  year old who claims trump raped her to come out a long with the witness who saw it happen . mueller might be interested in this case if there is no statute of limitations .
/ i was directed away from certain pursuits as a child because women don 't do those things and the ones who do get rape i gave up on a lot of dreams because of fear of a world where i can t be safe ( and have seen those fears become truths for others )
for fucks sake stop saying why didn t you say anything when it happened ? there s no proof . when someone i sexually assaulted . if they say something right away or  years later no one believes them . that s why so many stay silent . this needs to fucking stop .
brings light and healing in such a dark place . you denial  of  normal  t know everyone  s story but we  reply not alone . thank you whoever started this .
if you are a faith leader . if you are one of these pastors please see this information and read the entire article . child sex trafficking is a huge known problem since the  1  9  7  0 s in this region . atlanta florida and now this migration to la . 
do you know how hard it is for victims to reliv acknowledge what they  ve experienced ? has given strength to wome living with the pain of what they endured . you  reply an idiot to expect every personal revelation immediately .
given everything that s come out of hollywood i would guess many women in silicon valley are saying and i hope they come forward and share their stories soon . it s a culture that fosters hostility and inequality against women .
i am totally fine with women men computer  information  science or lesbien,  gay,  bisexual,  transgender and  queer. using because sexual assault and harassment happens because of power not gender
yesterday i thanked my husband for being one of the handful of men in i  have known not to engage in sexual harassment or assault . instant  message not surprised one bit by the flurry of allegations about men s behavior . i always thought most men behaved this way .
weaponizing never lose sight of the  purpose  - built mud factory to git bill clinton . a landslide of bad faith accusations make any real ones hard to dig out . or stomach . but like goldberg i thought one story rang true . i believe juanita
i love that the man in the subway asking for money turns to me and says hello beautiful with the most seductive voice . then immediately sees a man behind me and changes good morning sir . as if he was going in to an interview . this is what i ll do with my  .
i see your point & disagree . is in bed w alleged sex predator produce who was recently banished from welcome   back lot  why would any abused wome me who love them or parents see this film ?
and before you me please understand that this is simply a fact i felt was relevant and worth sharing . it does not require a response . in fact save your indignation for the next time you see a woman being harrassed .
mother s often blew off stories of molestation . weakness governs this reaction . for me i had s very frank conversation w my son and daughter about saying no what to look for and most importantly . if they were to tell me something happened . my response i believe you ! 
what   ever known f /  years says men in culture sector on sexual assaults & women abuse . how very swedish . keep quiet on deep problems during three decades feel sorry & continue to do nothing another three decades .
ladies you see a man on here calling for an accused to be given the benefit of the doubt or asking why it took a victim long to come out ? cancel him . that s a rapist right there .
i hadn t figured out a lot of things  -  - like how to wear bangs and that one day i d find the freedom to leave the shadows and speak my truth . i was a child who deserved to have her childhood protected .
oh hell no ! i voted for jill stein that bastard didn t even vote or even have enough knowledge to know she was running fir president ! let jill know it s a very bad move to support colin kaepernick . he covered up my rape  + years ago & i am still fighting
feeling trapped having no  to turn to no  to trust including my own instincts . that is just part of the story of my ( s ) . they happened at dif . points in my just today in the grocery store .  guys things are looking better in this aisle .
if answering the question of why sexual assault victims don 't come forward & you ve never experienced sexual assault you have  choices :  . walk in the shoes of the victims & believe them & at least try to understand and if you re not capable of doing that .   . shut  the fuck up
got cat  - called twice on my  5 k run tonight . glad to see all the scandals at the mo are making  those  types of men be less douchey .  oh right seriously what  the  fuck ?
i notice this particular accusation has gone down the drain ; nobody s covering it at all  . maybe because journos know it s crap . hey i knew there would be at least one attempt to cash in on the wave of this is the one . glad it s gotten all the attention it deserves .
i was  & with my best friend . older man was masturbating in the park where we were playing and spoke to us . see it . isn t it big ? we told my friends mom who called police but he was gone .
age of consent in america should be  ; you can t consent to drink smoke join military but can consent to sex ? seems silly . let kids fully develop emotionally before exposing them to adult things . roy moore is a pedophile . ditto for r . kelly .
it s the closing down of debate that is making this most toxic . telling women they re bigots for their fears over male  - bodied violence ( in the age of labour party clp s quashing dissent feminist meeting venues stalked and women attacked physically
happy feeling especially grateful for our service members ( like so fucking  stupid own harvey milk ) who defended our freedoms long before we defended theirs and to all vets fighting the of we see you . we honor you .
being a girl is literally sitting in the food court at the mall on your phone minding your damn business and having a random man run up and grab your side and feel up on you .
not a single day in india i went to school or college with out being touched in a crowded bus . talking gives young girls more power .
really ? i once happened to be at trs studio in nola where i was given a pint glass of  rum to drink got sick was taken to his home by his direction and left in a guest room by trent with a man who worked for him who wouldn t leave me alone . i was just  .
wish we could elevate the conversations around harvey weinstein mark halperin and others out of right and left politics and realize this is a cultural issue at it s core . pretty clear that the well is spoiled on both sides .
women around the country are using to show that sexual assault and harassment are far too common . if you too are ready to speak up share this tweet . if you  reply not ready know that we see you and stand by you .
i now do investigative work professional bono when it comes to cases with abused children . we can move past these experiences and rise above it but it usually requires opening that initial wound and saying something .
at the height of we reminded our friends how important self  - care was especially if hearing story after story was difficult . just a reminder that as each day brings one or two ( or more ) new stories of sexual harassment or assault self  - care is still as important as ever .
honored to share these ladies stories . both black women who were victims of sexual assault . they marched in support of the campaign . they want women of color included in this dialogue . ladies will include you . thank you again
united . hand in hand . healers . lovers . face the world . we stand up . speak up . hold each other tight . together . with our fist up high . we welcome the fight . friends . sisters . thank you for healing my heart .
discovering i was married to a predator was exponentially worse than any of my experiences . a teacher who preyed on students & underage girls at thanks renaissance festival where he performed . license suspended but eluded charges . now he sings christian music at high schools .
join us today for an important discussion with a wonderful panel . every industry every profession has it s share of experiences . this is an issue that should matter to everyone . join us to be a part of the conversation a part of the change .
just watched video . incredibly courageous and absolutely important . thank you for opening up the space for queer men who are victims of sexual harassment & assault .
every time another horrible story comes out are good guys secretly hoping that for once it  s a perverted woman in the news who for years has been walking around grabbing guys  crotches & forcing them to watch her masturbate ? it s just not something our gender is known for .
there is no benefit not even the big settlements that is great enough to compensate a woman who makes a sexual assault claim . she goes through hell to get to that point and has to go through more hell to be believed . movement is s hear bravery . 
i am beyond livid that young women attend our party events for inspiration and instead face sexual harassment or assault . requires and voters deserve a public independent process victims services and real reforms . 
now being accused by a group of attention seekers . the girl who is now  all of a sudden considering legal action on an event that has no viable proof . clearly your career sucked if no one knows you and your just trying to cash in now fuck the abusers
time to start addressing sexual harassment and assault in higher education . this includes graduate school and professors who use status and tenure to hide their predator ways .
i wonder if people truly realize that victims of sexual harassment sexual assault and rape can also suffer from ptsd which can take years to recognize and recover ! some truly never recover ! personally it took me  plus years !
people wonder why women + men denial  of  normal  t speak out against abusers . i know a man responsible for sexual assault who  s now a police officer
trying to process a rapist going free in boulder because no eye  - witness to the act itself . sexual assault law is broken . second case of someone close to me raped but the rapist going free .
when i was sexually assaulted by my boss who was a doctor when i was  i told the police the ask me  anything and other people . everyone talked me out of pressing charges . i wonder if it happened today if they would encourage me to press charges ?
i denial  of  normal  t claim to have the answers but now that has officially come to town consider finding ways to talk about this that denial  of  normal  t involve victims seeing their abuser  s face  times on social media today .
last year surveyed women working in chicago hotels about the prevalence of sexual harassment in the workplace & made this video to bring to light to the uncomfortable reality of the stories shared in the report .
in the   -  9  0 s  - none . a man told me every day that my place was at home and pregnant . or the time a man grabbed my boob just because he could . hour told me i was at risk of losing my job because i spoke up . hour thought i was the problem not the men . huh  - go figure
if has taught us anything we desperately need to figure out how to fix our broken sexual culture . unscrewed : women sex power and how to stop letting the system screw us all is finally here . let s do this . great work
if has taught us anything it s that we desperately need to figure out how to fix our broken sexual culture . looking forward to reading unscrewed : women sex power and how to stop letting the system screw us all
when will academia come join the anti  - sexual harassment movement ? tenured professors are now more protected than hollywood moguls or republicans . this needs to be exposed so that graduate students like me don 't have to live with this in silence .
articles like this give me hope that more good men will say that fewer women will need to say that power doesn  t have to equal abuse . and that victims can stand up without fear knowing they will be believed and supported .
just so you all know seconds after i posted this a man pushed his shitty product at me . this is so offensive i am shaking in fury !  ( instant  message sure he has some algorithm to push his crap product any time someone types chlorine . but really ?  ) horrifying .
anita hill who testified in  that supreme court justice clarence thomas had sexually harassed her spoke about her hopes that the current moment would lead to greater examination of systems that allow for serial sexual harassment .
i was sexually harassed on the sanders campaign by a national volunteer coordinator and there was no system to report sexual harassment . he was my supervisor and i didn  t have anybody else to tell . we need to get this stuff right inside our party .
i  have been thrilled with the really great and brave reporting on these stories . especially work . these are not easy stories to tell or simple times to tell them in . keep telling keep writing . we are reading .
sexual abuse & harassment aren t acceptable . friend & s la mod in top  pictures : did mary give consent ? this is how deeply ingrained our society normalizing is promoted by churches which are tax & work plac rights exempt .
while reading about the allegations about someone stated : it s no less abusive if the victim is male . when it comes to sexual assault or abuse of any kind ( sexual physical or even emotional ) it should not matter the gender of the victim .
i have been close enough to some women to hear them talk about their experience with sexual abuse from men who had great influence over them . most ( if not all ) have elected to keep quiet about it . some have even accepted it as standard operating behavior of men . how sad .
yes . it is so old and such a reply  - violation every time a new revelation is brought forward . sexual assault age  . waiting to exhale every day especially in this time w the orange pedophile in chief running the show . 
past few weeks have been eye  - opening to many especially men . this excellent thread sums up how everyone needs to be more proactive in changing attitude & have zero tolerance for sexual harassment of any kind . 
people don 't like talk about the type of abuse i suffered by my aunt . it s not the norm and they feel uncomfortable or don 't know what to do or say . well it s never normal regardless of the abusers gender and there are men out there who are in pain too .
why are you protecting men you think are good when the point is to call out those who did horrific things to women ? just because your family is good doesn  t mean all these women didn  t deal with being raped by other men i stand for the women who are being brave
i have been fortunate enough to not experience even barely not able sexual harassment or sexual abuse and it hurts my heart to see so many women i look up to posting  this completely unacceptable and abusive behavior has to stop .
twice . one was someone i dated in college the other was an acquaintance with a wife & kid at home . both times i said no . both times i was lucky . neither time did i report it . both times i walked away asking was it my faul did i do wrong ? nothing about that is okay
remember it is our choice to tell or not tell our own story . consult with victi before airing their intimate moments where abusers took away power control or consent . everyone is ready ( or not ) in their own time .
hey why r u apologizing to a child sexual predator & those who defend / make excuses for him reply ?  o that s right * i forgot * $ = way more important than the safety of young girls to many <  3 less people & businesses out there
instant  message sorry this happened to you . but i thought was for sexual abuse victims rape and child rape . not just uncouth comments . lumping this all together is bad . vince may be alone and desperate but he isn t a rapist or sexual abuser .
just proving the idea that people will go out of their way to defend cultures of sexual harassment . golly imagine going to work everyday in a safe respectful professional workplace . oh the horror ! 
here  s why i think the campaign is important . men who sexually hara s women are around us in everyday life . it  s not just a donald trump or a harvey we insten  - america is the grip of an epidemic of sexual disrespect respect of women : 
sexual assault isn t just a problem we can fix after it happens . these are acts which can be prevented by teaching our sons to respect women & our daughters to respect themselves . boys raised in families with disrespectful father s turn into disrespectful men .
when your moment comes way too early  - before you can process adult eyes see the full horror of that child s experience & even more so in the protecto role . thankful to the women whose adult voices are saying  - enough !
( straight computer  information  science ) men : click on the hashtag . read and shut  the fuck up . you denial  of  normal  t get to talk now . it  s not your turn .
as more allegations come out about those in hollywood the music industry and politics i want to sincerely thank for sharing her story not giving up and helping to create an environment for women and girls to say
social media expert greta van susteren : the trend fox news and a boy named sampson : news veteran greta van susteren has written the book on all things social media including it s power to be a force for good .
because of the boss who would hug too long the friend who locked me in his car telling me he would release me if i kissed him the teacher who tried to hold my hand kissed my head and told me not to tell his wife and so many more . . .
echoes what i published today  what  s next is up to us women not men . we  reply the ones who will have to process any hate anger or aggression first in order to model compassion for men and boys who are in need of healthy role models 
some men find it very hard to believe that these things are so common because they would never do those things . if i were a man and i hadn  t experienced harassment and inappropriate behavior multiple times i would probably find it difficult to believe .
having a talk w my  year old son regarding rape and it s appalling to hear what he hears in locker room talk at school . these kids think of rape as bullshit and as a feminist joke !
as someone who related to the hashtag ( please don 't ask me to explain what happened ) i get so frustrated with people who am super sensitive to completely harmless behaviour from the opposite sex . it s just an arm stroke chill the fuck out .
from what i understand most  year old girls that go with older men lack a father figure and have issues in the home . which makes this even more disgusting !  year olds are considered minors for a reason ! i was once perused by a  year old pervert when i was  .
instant  message not sharing my right now but if you re reading this you might know him . you know people like him who appear progressive an ally to women a social justice warrior and still cannot hear no when he wants to hear yes . men in my life : what are you doing about him ?
instant  message struggling with the wagon and worry backlash will diminish and devalue our voices and become pop culture off hand humor . and instant  message real good with what i know  -  - my laundry list of assaults would need a data entry processor . i am thankful the wool is off though .
instant  message actually happy about the movement . hollywood and the entertainment world can now get off their high horses pointing fingers dictating to everyone how we should think ; while their own backyard is built on wrong . i admire the bravery of all those who came out .
man o man tell snoop dog to do celeb & activist ( help me too activist grieving mother s + kids education ) charity week .  trust producers ain t thought of it so i put in the universe .  share care give back . less is more
there wouldn t be a jet big enough to fly all of them in . i think a room full of teen girls he walked in on qualified accusers & victims as & models agency which he picked his wife . those women were exposed to slum lord conditions & abused help !
 should we believe her if she speaks about it  years later ? it can  t be true !   show some empathy ! it can be !  sadly it is !  the scale of the problem is not attention  - seeking women jumping on the bandwagon . it is finally feeling empowered to speak .
people calling out those sharing their stories & accusing them of enabling their abusers by doing so anonymously did you read the stories ? many of these courageous survivors tried to do that by telling parent at the time and were ignored !
i was  years old when i was first molested by a  year old boy my family was fostering . i didn t tell anyone ; i thought it was my fault . someone i trusted raped me when i was  . thanks to church teachings i felt like no one would want me since i was no longer a virgin .
we need to get our female candidates & elected officials to push to remove the statute of limitations on rape and pedophilia . stop letting safe havens exist for predators to continue their torture & for fucks sake denial  of  normal  t elect them
imagine a world where women are worth more than their bodies are respected and denial  of  normal  t have to ask themselves whether or not they have to count their rapists when their boyfriend asks how many partners they  ve had . or even answer that question at all .
the lead cnn do you f .  en idiots understand that  of this so called harassment is simple verbal comments  - hey you look good today  - almost none involve touching . yet men are getting fired
to the next twitter user who says  so and so  s sexual abuse behavior has been known for years  your complacency is just as horrific as the actual perpetrators ! denial  of  normal  t tell us you knew but did nothing . accessory after the facts ? must stand up s a something .
it is unbelievable that has still refused to comment on the campaign or recent allegations around gop senate candidate roy moore . she s decided to ignore misogyny pedophilia & racism to focus on raising our taxes so billionaires can get a tax cut .
the plan is such the woman is silent for  years wins the oscar numerous awards in time she becomes a big star and suddenly reminded her that she landed in bed with the director . beautiful story for the film . i can write a script .
one of the most horrific things about the stories from is that the person harass in used fear and intimidation to shame their victims . instant  message sorry to everyone affected . i believe you .
and just so you know how prevalent the silence can be that s the first and probably only time i ll ever say his name to the public . i just .  don 't . i d rather not . look at these ugly s cum buckets . would you want to go around telling everyone these men raped you ?
there are literally  tweets per second of women posting the indicating that they were too a victim of sexual assault . this really shows the breadth of just how serious sexual assault is not only in america but everywhere in the world . i feel disgusted and sad .
in  near college a middle aged white man would wait on me and pull over his car a long the road saying disgusting sexual words to me . it was petrifying and didn t know what to do . i ignored him so he thought i didn t understand english which escalated it .
her 2 wait  years only shows her fears & the power that predators use2 abuse & control their victims . i have seen your faces many times & hid your abuse secrets & lies since i was  years old . u better pray there is no hell because u r fucked lier ! 
all of the recent news led to an impromptu conversation with my sons tonight about .  including a censored version my own story . my youngest pulled me aside afterward and said  i really appreciate that you talk to us like you do . thank you . 
real victims are few and far between ? is she high ? does she believe the lies that are coming out of her mouth . ask some victims what pain shame and embarrassment feels like . it is extremely difficult to come forward so we should believe the few that do . shameful !
it hurts me that we need this movement for people to care about such a huge important widespread issue . we don 't acknowledge the little things until they become the big things and until the big things hit close to home . let s do better .
used a classic tactic when approaching a  year old girl . he got to know her mom by doing a favor . he s no better than that creepy neighbor everyone knows is strange . he should get out of the senate race today .
jon stewart is an asshole for not standing with louie c . k . the man literally did nothing wrong . shout out to for sticking up for his friend . brother just has a fetish and he asked for consent . all you traitor men are fueling this stupid witch hunt .
in light of it s awesome to see a major site like reddit support victims of sexual assault . other social media platforms should also ban hate groups that support the act of violence against women .
i  have kept a massive secret for five years and finally realised it was time to open up it s kind   of sad so instant  message sorry but it s so so personal . you can read it all here i  have decided to share my story
instant  message flattered to hear i might conceive the next messiah but on behalf of and survivors can we quit defending paedophiles ? sure is fun to live in poverty with complex trauma & watch pundits debate the impact of an underage relationship .
that  s the idea  - consensual sex isn  t a joke . not to say there  s not someone who might get creative . but hey not trying to be a stickler  i get it  s  just a hashtag game   i  m just saying of all things this was the topic the twitter geniuses chose ?
as instant  message reading tweets with all the i am sitting with my mom watching a film in it a con man grabs a lady when she opens a door kisses her she acts like it isn t okay that he did it then jumps into his arms as if she s suddenly seduced 
exactly ! i never knew it was so prevalent in today s society until i found out my own brother was fired for sexual harassment . i never had to use this type of behavior to have fun with women and i had a lot of fun . great respect for the movement
it also happens to men . i was sexually and verbally harassed by the owners of the company i worked for in phoenix az in  . no funds for lawyer . i filed myself at the eeoc in phoenix . i was laughed at cause i am a man i also lost my job . it does happen to men also .
a digest on exists . it is twitter account . and about  minutes ago he went crazy i mean really crazy tweeting random but anonymous tweets on assault ( which is what these days kiss or grope w / clothes on ? ) 
thank you for sharing this deeply personal story . i wish i could tell my story and all victims come out there tell their story as well . my stomach is upset by reading this . plus showing other people they  reply not alone .
highlights from the me too survivors march including dpn s jayda rasberry sharing her experience of being sexually assaulted by prison staff . also founder and actress and activist music is fight for you by
as an alabam ian i know first  - hand how hard it is here to open your mouth & say what has happened to you . i know what is done to women when we do . i know what my daughter watched respected people do to me for telling the truth . and the message pervades another generation . 
a great local story about featuring meghan a valu pad as . the time for culture change is now . thank you to all survivors who have come forward . we hope you can feel our love and support . help is available : 
because of recent events assoc w weinstein + others and campaign to raise awareness many people across the country believe victims . in this case girl was a trump supporter w everything to lose .
maybe you are one of the lucky ones who hasn t by some act of god been one of them .  have you seen the campaign ? the vast majority of women are not lying about what happened to them at the hands of disgusting men who can t or won t control themselves and respect women .
raisman asked people who had experienced assault abuse or harassment to stand if they wanted . cardenas then asked people to stand who had seen those in their lives go through similar experiences . not a single person was still seated .
five days after daughter reports abuse allen not allowed to be alone with her sues for custody of the child others . n y supreme court justice elliott wilk found likelihood of molestation . can case not be reopened w new evidence of pr machines silencing media victims ?
in that case you would be amazed at what suicidal ly stupid men in our industry are trying exactly similar today currently showing up in my inbox . and you d be amazed at what passes for acceptable . including the number of actual rapists . 
many women myself included never excused bill  s behavior . no one listened because he was a white man in power . that  s typically what happens . the movement is finally making so many women heard that have either never spoken up or have been calling it out for years .
it sure does . for me  year to current so inspiring that people are coming forward opened the door to awareness and even exposing pedophiles and more . justice finally god bless
absolutely ! this isn t over . what   ever still got abusers on the supreme court in the white house and in positions of power throughout this nation . there s much work yet to be done . stay brave and carry on ! you are not alone !
i  ve been raped and sexually assaulted . victims are rarely believed and our culture condones this despicable attitude of  boys will be boys  . wrong . men especially those with power or authoritarian position need to keep their dicks in their pants . and hands off !
finally we are done saying nothing : done with the boys will be boys narrative . almost every woman alive has dealt with unsolicited sexual advances by men who knew they d get away with it because women feared embarrassment humiliation job security etc . no more .
please don 't thank me for making this video thank you for listening . please share this to spread the word and get our voices heard angels i love you with every piece of me me too | my story of sexual assault
i still have nightmares almost every night and have only been able to tell one person the full story in fear of the backlash i would face . sometimes it s hard to be a survivor but at least i survived .
i put my call out to name names because my industry for years has been running anonymous stories and survey statistics on sexual harassment . women empathize men don 't give a shit . unless you attach names nothing changes . i talk to 
.  the survivors life .  you live above and beyond the molestation and abuse . you are strong and able to carry on even though the horrific trauma will always be a part of you . you are a survivor not a victim . hear me roar ! 
understand that someone will drag a rapist because even after photos of anal bruising have been taken at a hospital the person is still walking around living their fancy life . i am honestly not sure how many times i have been raped . mostly by people i knew .
writing about my experience definitely helped me heal but living & then writing brought me back to that place of pure joy . bad things happen to everyone but they don 't have to determine the course of your life tell your
between don 't c are hollywood & the states people know of women & men who have experienced harassment sexual assault & rape . people please look beyond party & stop this madness . people in your lives r in wakened nightmare . have some compassion .
i really hope this is the start of a shift in consciousness . and i hope this empowers women everywhere to stand up and fight back . i  have had plenty of my own moments and instant  message raising two daughters . things need to change .
i have to fight tears every time i see the posts . it goes deeper with me to childhood . i wonder how painful it would look to step it back to highlight little girls that can say they start early .
don 't forget folks we will be trending for  hour today at  please  send  tell |  est let s help give a voice to those who have been silenced by sexual abuse ! let s give them courage with story !
my  1 stop  that moment : i was in  8 th grade my math teacher put his hand on my thigh at a time when the dress code didn  t allow girls to wear pants ! i enter d headshot relieved only to find him working in the guidance office !
until told her story let us believe we could tell our stories without fear things stayed behind the scene n quiet . we were told what would happen if we told or threatened so judgement of when a women is ready to admit what someone took from them ! enough already
is a bit more complicated than it seems . will the sharing really do anything to change the stats or awareness ? will it hold perpetrators more accountable ? realistically i deeply seriously doubt it . evil gr in some issues raised here 
hollywood is shining a major light on sexual harassment . good . please remember this happens in all industries as well . sexual harassment stole my career in the media . but even now i  m too scared to name my former employer .
i have been groped grabbed fondled . whistled at . flashed at work by customers ( male and female ) . as a teacher i was able to do a block to another teacher i thought was going to grab me by the . better to apologize than to suffer . sorry once bitten twice shy .
eleven years old walking home from school guy sitting in a car passenger side opened door further so we would see we were shocked stunned & traumatized . wish i could have erased it from my mind . we were kids .
yesterday in a parking lot a man got out of his friends car as i was getting into mine . he aggressively grabbed at my crotch twisted & yanked . i froze . he walked away laughing . this is everyday this is i have virtually no real re course .
this is why will stay a hashtag & not progress into rapists and child molesters behind bars . guess what ? rapists and molesters without accusers continue to rape . victims want to come forward . they are silenced by people who dis tru s women & sadly by other victims . 
had excellent workplace experiences over many years harrassment or predation . i was preyed up on by a tow truck driver sent to deliver my broken car and me to the shop who exposed himself during the ride . although horrified i stayed cool & nothing worse happened .
you re so right . last time i looked it was called coerce  -  - and rape is violent form of bullying women [ called sexual bullying in eu ] . women have lived with it silently since beginning of time . no wonder so many incidents in us : world leader in violence .
my mom told me she was raped by her ex  - husband and when i asked if she went to police she said it was the  7  0 s . they were going to blame me for being in his car and wearing a dress . breaks my heart !
/ so i just wanted to tell my story and my mom  s story . she passed away  years ago from cancer but i know she would have watched these women tell their stories and stand with them in solidarity . women and men have silent too long
instant  message  abused on up since age   years therapy back in it . as adult it s switched to colonial racists sex abusing rcmp cop pinched my nipple ! no help so i shout everyone i talk to is about that cop .  he moved rather quickly still an abuser to the next native eyes ! * 
given the current climate & the harassment many women are facing in light of bravely coming forward with their stories it seems like a good time to reply  - up this amazing video from and 
in light of recent events & reading articles related to i  ve come up with a list of things i  ve read & have been told personally . please read :  he didn  t mean it .   boys will be boys .   you should learn to take a compliment .   she was wearing .   .
your words make it clear you have no idea or compassion for what it s like ! instant  message old and still haven t spoke of a high level program managers sexual harassment towards me  years ago ! both retired maybe he s dead with any luck !
is wrong go on air correct statement . tara na burke created movement against sexual harassment and assault . rt please !
thank you . since the weinstein news i recalled  times a man in power either tried to sexually assault me did sexually assault me or used his power to try to get sex . from teachers and professors to job interviews to the police to get out of tickets .
.  having a   - year  - old daughter .  i just want to punch roy moore in the throat because he sounds like my step  - dad .  will never forget that look on my moms face when she had to realize as kayla moore will have to one day what a monster she was living with .
good news that anti  - harassment training is becoming mandatory for house staff and members . but it is unfortunate that this wasn t already required . from wall stop  that . to hollywood to washington this problem is pervasive and women everywhere are saying
please don 't think your story is too mild compared to the ones posted today in this thread . women everywhere have experienced a lifetime of normalization of terrible behavior by men from childhood through adulthood . it can make us doubt ourselves . don 't let them win .
interesting that you assume you hit a raw nerve . i sincerely invited you to join the conversation as a male ally . we need men to take a stand on violence against women & girls .
no one will ever know the details of what i went thought because i was too young to understand but i  m okay with that . it  s okay if you  reply biggest support system is yourself . i will probably never mention this again but i  ll continue to stand with everyone because
our training director shared her own story earlier this week and held a rally with the woman she s running against to show that ending assault and harassment is not a partisan issue . 
analyze and don 't forget sexual harassment in the media too . has asked the panel about serial harassers in the political pundit world ? devoted a show to that ? hypocrisy is a major reason why we all need to clean house ! 
facebook suspended my adult news and information page for posting about how the campaign is even addressing sexual harassment in the adult film industry . guess someone missed their morning coffee !
harvey weinstein roy moore bill cosby and r . kelly s of the world are predators for a reason ; they don 't stop until they re forced to . stop equiv oc ating and making excuses for the despicable behavior . they are predators and prey on anyone they deem vulnerable .
brave for to come forward . unfortunately he is not alone as a boy abused by an adult in power in theatre . weinstein  s abuse has brought a depressing number of stories forward including one from my high school : 
be prepared for the post  - backlash . male fragility is dangerous ass face . men attack harass and murder women for ignoring their  hey baby .  imagine what the might do when they are called out en masse for their shitty behavior .
at that point it sounds like u simply want  police the actions of others in order  create a more comfortable sensation . the repeated advances after a no isn t common . seems  me the underlying issue is some people don 't understand their worth . that s not a me too type issue though .
where to begin ? sexually abused as girl date  - rape in college sexual harassment on jobs cat called on streets stalked on  - line & in  real  life
yep . sounds like republicans . blind . in denial even of what they see so without professional intervention no use working w them . there is however a new child sexual exploitation prevention toolkit the type we need to help keep children safe . 
i was molested through my childhood . my silence was for others comfort . it affected how i see myself . i made choices to be with men who were not reapect ful of my time my body or my mind . that was my choice . i can choose better . instant  message strong enough now .
if u do not want something u leave  - some of these things happened  - u did & stayed 4 are  - on you  - stupid we do4 acceptance  2 get a career  - it is not totally forcible  - in the sense your dumb ass should have left when your hairs stood up & the bells & whistles in your head went off just saying
ladies i think it s time we invest in the next time some guy says come to my hotel room to talk business . you know what to do . don 't forget the video camera . so tired of i had it many times . all women have . my child will have it soon . no !
no pastor i  have talked to is making spaces for women to say and seek healing from abuse . my sister has worked with bookstores and prisons for years  - but churches have been silent too long . ~  be i fountain of life family worship center : badger
i believe you and instant  message so sorry you had to go through this . i was forcibly molested by my dads business partner when i was  was date  - rape my virginity at  was sexually assaulted by a professor in grad school and sexually harassed by countless other profs .
the movement is alive today to encourage these brave women to speak out against powerful men when they would be afraid to do so in the past . this tweet ignores today s social movements and does not take into account the past . you should not cast doubt on these women .
yeah . i feel physically i ll . i should probably stop listening . i just keep waiting for someone anyone to call in and explain why women don 't say anything or go to the cops . nobody did during the me too mess nobody is now . why conservative radio doesn t get this .
people and it is a well known story in town  - only came out now he was going to senate and the gave the women courage . the people backing him up r saying it  s no big deal instead of he didn  t do it ! it  s alabama they think sex is okay
as a child the man i knew as grandfather crept into my bed as i was sleeping . thank god my mother taught me to scream until help came . my heart breaks for these women teens and children .
instant  message glad women are finally being heard . i keep thinking back to anita hill and where her boss clarence thomas currently is . as a nurse since  i know how it feels . to all who have led the way here .
wrong ! many many women were inspired to both march and run for office at every level of government because of the stolen election & decades of misogynistic abuse hillary clinton subjected to by gop conservatives . every woman has had a moment .
i appreciate the good intentions behind men being shocked by all the recent stories  - but you shouldn t be . every . single . woman has a story of being harassed assaulted feeling unsafe . what   ever either told you or would have if we thought you would listen .
as a matter of fact i was & at a young age too . instant  message quite baffled by your response to mr . schaeffer . are you saying men can t be allies ? given that you support the pussy graber in chief it seems to me that you are duplicitous in your responses .
instant  message a rape survivor that was also molested as a child . the me too things an insult  me because of the processes i had  go through  accuse those  people . if the movement was encouraging people to openly discuss these issues with the other side i would encourage it it isn t though .
hopefully all the boys & girls who are victims of sexual predators kidnapping & rapes by u . s . congress & business find their voices stop acting like this is a hollywood problem . conspiracy of silence : the franklin cover  - up
first reading on the is about making sure we know it s started the hashtag almost a decade ago . learn more here : this link includes video of burke s interview about the hashtag w / democracynow s amy good man . 
always good to point out relevant scripture ! but i do wonder amid awareness of how the powerful abuse without witnesses and how rare it is for abused women to be believed whether false accusation is really more common ( or worse ) than impunity . thoughts ?
thank you for rising up in congress today . is winning ground . please pray for us . we need better examples and education for little boys sensitive work to propose .  -  - bill watkins abstinent  months sober  years 
ever notice how when survivors come forward they have multiple sources whom they told contemporaneous ly as well as personal issues that show textbook symptoms of sexual abuse and yet the only defense the sexual predator has is instant  message going   to sue ? !
i  m trying to see this as a glass half  - full time period . male aggression especially by powerful men has been an eons long social problem . now may finally bring some justice .
my  year old mom shared a with me this morning . she was  years old and had a bad case of pneumonia . a male friend of the family sat next to her bed and said i can make you feel better and proceeded to put his hand under her dress . she is still traumatized .
step forward with credit due to women who spoke out in fear of retaliation and pain . next steps : release the names of perpetrators and $$ in payouts . provide a confidential hotline with victim services . pass whistleblower protections . 
if you see think pc run amuck . if you see & think what  the  fuck ? my empathic tough  luck is open to you in an effort to understand your point  of  view .  .  just know that in non violence being kind is not being nice so come correct or pay the
you are most welcome but i thank you too . if you can so should i but like most i  have no way to prevent or survive violent revenge . i too wonder if they cont to prey & ruin more lives . anyway instant  message honored & grateful for new soul  - sister  - you . 
thank you i  have had more friends come forward with their stories this week than ever before . has helped us find our strength and dignity . the woman behind knew the power of the phrase  years ago :  via
at least the men are learning that they can t deny allegations and get away with it . this is a big step forward for society . keep sharing your stories and experiences . they can t hide anymore .
 the campaign harvey weinstein scandal and several others stars coming forward about their experiences demonstrated how common assault is . read to learn about what you can do to prevent it from happening or how you can help those who are victims .
yeah ! i believe every one of them because i know how prevalent it truly is . i know  female friends who were raped and that was before the campaign . i now teach freshman english at a juco . in  semesters i  have read  personal narratives about my students rapes .
years old . a guy i used to date broke into my apt . held a knife to my throat .  + hours of hell . cops refused to take a report because it was my word vs . his ( early   s before laws changed ) . stalked me  years after but police said he wasn  t breaking any laws .
my boyfriend came to meet me from work & asked the gang of creatives drinking beer where my office was . the tall one replied straight  - faced and in all seriousness : oh denial  of  normal  t you know she  s dead  she got killed by a truck today . 
house committee holds hearing to review policies and training on sexual harassment amid growing sexual misconduct accusations against powerful figures in politics and entertainment .
i wish i was courageous enough to tell my story . after a horrible break up a few years ago a rape i endured  years prior was triggered . i had severe ptsd & shared things with my family who didn t believe me . i was so hurt .
sometimes in hollywood people try to shame you for saying no .  i lived in a famous landlords building full of drunk  something year old bullies who liked to attack individuals . when you didn t help you become the one attached .
if you  reply defending roy moore harvey weinstein donald trump louis ck et al right now feel free to dis invite yourself from my life .
i  m having such a hard time dealing with all this stuff coming out even after  years of therapy years ago ! not being believed when i told what happened & being attacked by females after for years even after the truth came out only because another child was rapped !  now
a few answers from the why now question :  - finally witnessing consequences of allegations & accountability have created a safer space for survivors to voice their stories .  - the campaign helped build solidarity within the survivor community .
today i follow the hashtag and read the stories of all women across the world and i am in shock to read some disturbing incident . i think this is the right time for all those people who get abused by someone .
my grandfather was a pedophile so was my father . it took me  years to get to where now i can bring the story out . i understand how the four girls who have come forward about roy moore have kept it inside . it is a shame we fought all of our lives . 
i ran away  years ago from cali to new  york  city and made something of myself . but nothing is enough . monsters follow me everywhere i go . i am  years old and still sleep with a blankie and stuffies and push the furniture up against the door every night .
in fact the reporters at felt so bad about how i had been treated one in particular helped me get an internship at .  fox news channel  in don 't c are  -  - of all places . the assignment editor was mean as a snake but no one tried to bed me . thank you to that kind reporter .
when you speak on it they  ll ask you why didn  t you say anything earlier or try to stop it . it  s difficult to when you freeze up in fear . when you think if you say something it  ll make it worse . when self hate sets in after the fact . so you denial  of  normal  t talk . not a sound .
do i write  me too  if i am a male who was a young teen when a mormon church scoutmaster thought he was allowed to cuddle with me in a tent ?  if everyone who has ever been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote me too . as a status we might give the world a change
wow i want to see this talk ! v . fascinated by the idea of compulsory vulnerability that is fostered by certain online communities . no doubt being open on social media can be healing but what about those who felt pressured by say me too to reveal trauma if they weren t ready ?
you  reply not alone on this . i think back on college days . not all memories are good . allowing them to surface is scary but healing . the dragons were slayed but perhaps our wounds needed treatment . makes sense to get the long overdue help .
you don 't really care that s it s false accusations . you care because we your victims are finding our voices . we are not ashamed to say how you rape us & abuse us . you men will inbox us telling us twitter isn t the place to speak of our abuse . laughing  out loud
i don 't blame women for sexual harassment . i blame men who are acting like foolish adolescents . i don 't person  who di liberate ly stirs up  trouble but use a hashtag to get the attention of folks who wouldn t otherwise hear a voice crying in the desert of a new feminist culture that is uncritical & closed minded
everyone please .  as soon as you can go back and watch tonight s episode of special  victims un it . it fits what s going on on social media right now to a t . you ll see . special  victims un it rarely makes me cry but the end of the episode reduced me to tears . it s important . please watch it .
 me too  was started by tara na burke a black woman & sexual assault survivor n the mid2000s as a means of what she calls  empowerment through empathy .  it s crucial even n the midst of these feelings that u know it was not started by alyssa milano . 
you re one of thank you for your astonishing work to tell stories by & about women & girls . marked a turning point in my life . i d like to share an essay on trying to talk to men about sexual harassment & assault .
i know what it s like to be sexually harassed & to be touched by someone in a position of power without asking or wanting it . i can still feel the sickening feeling in my stomach . i stand with all the victims . men & women .
by my step  - dad i don 't recall the age but i was in  3 rd grade . when i was in  6 th grade i broke down and spoke up to my teacher about it . it was the most heart broken moment of my life because my mom didn t believe me . that right there left me a scar that still haunts me .
i can t believe alabama is condoning child abuse sexual assault and rape ! i pray voters moral & christian values speak to them louder than party affiliation and set a better standard for the innocent and women !  says no longer silencing justice
want   to know what sucks ? deciding if calling predatory guys out on i guess story the way i did for sending inappropriate photos via deathmatch was too much from a pr standpoint . it needed to be said but having to consider sponsors etc . sucks . i don 't want   to speak eloquently all the time .
watching cnn  s programs about sexual harassment has prompted me to tell my own story if only to encourage all women to speak out . on   months before the trump election i was groped by a man parked in a car on my own street .
the words most rape victims & their accompanying loved ones never hear is key in identified personal peace & healing for trauma victims . you heard it most recently in the texas shootings . they got the bad guy . the bad guy is dead . 
the words most rape victims & their accompanying loved ones never hear is key in identified personal peace & healing for trauma victims . you heard it most recently in the texas shootings . they got the bad guy . the bad guy is dead .
i  m so sorry to hear this . not only is it full of sexual predators but those who watch and stay silent are equal in numbers . the time is finally here when i think people are going to listen . at least i  m going to do all i can !
you characterize women & girls sharing their stories of harassment abuse & rape as screaming minimize their courageous truth  - telling . you imply that our messages of solidarity invalidate the similar experiences of boys & men . you = unwitting perpetrator .
we are a a tipping point in american history where darkness of today can become a source of light for our future daughters . men if you ve sexually abused women admit guilt help your victims heal . become a voice for victims
a reader shared publicly for the  1 stop  that time her escape from a rapist last week . in a state of trauma shed not told anyone . she says reading your article was the boost i needed to take action . after reading it several times i thought it is time to ensure my safety now . 
news to roy moore pedophiles like you have been reported unfortunately your crime is also on the hands and sad grey hearts of everyone in town who knew and never reported your crimes . you helped corrupt your entire city by using your legal office
we stand with all survivors of sexual violence and harassment . you are seen we believe you and were going to keep fighting to get more women into positions of power & change this toxic culture .
so : the hashtag and whatever else has spurred the brave women ( and men ) to come forward because they are tired of staying silent is something else eh ? pretty rampant abuse right ? not shocking at all . keep watching people .
recently it started to feel like people are finally believing sexual assault survivors . then i had dinner with  male colleagues . i started to give  of my examples .  they immediately started to talk over me ; couldn  t finish one sentence . i guess we  ve got a ways to go .
raise your hand if you re almost terrified to see who s trending and why at this point i know people feel vindicated by all this and i feel that truly . all i can think is how long survivors have lived with these secrets and shame . hurts my heart .
these women were empowered to speak up because of the movement hearing others tell their stories . shining a light on old dark secrets is difficult but the power of social media is very real . now needs to win . 
someone with power needs to search this man  s history in kuwait before serious damage is caused either at the airport or the bank or to someone  s live . he blackmailed and bullied me so that i denial  of  normal  t speak up . i will not forgive this creepy liar for trying to harm me . 
i was raped at  and sexually assaulted . these men feel their power ca be asserted at will . i believe all these victims . it is endemic and highly prevalent in society and must end . boys need to be taught to keep their dicks in their pants and hands to themselves .
men like r exactly what s wrong w / a system that rewards passivity & encourages male narrative  control everything how u stood up  those who now have no career & suffer consequences for the actions of men u defend time  old narrow minded people like u  go
i  have been sexually harassed multiple times . stalked threatened violence by a dude in headshot molested in the aisle of a dollar tree attacked by a friend after i said no . yeah we go through shit men might not believe .
love krakauer no proof needed to warn others about a sexual criminal ( again easier said then done i understand but  must come forward to stop it ) hour needs to step up in the workplace & in all places we all need to report what we see & experience
wrong ! if it really was that simple perpetrators wouldn  t abuse ! unfortunately abusers know it takes more . microscopic dissection & interrogation of victims life while perpetrators claim consent or deny incident altogether . denial  of  normal  t shame the victim .
thank you for telling your story . working with sexual assault victims i know that writing this was painful and hard . no child or anyone for that matter should ever be harmed scared and feel they have no voice . thank you for being that voice . stay strong . 
started much  - needed conversations around sexual violence . let s add action on top of this awareness and advocate for sex ed that teaches young people about sexual assault harassment and consent .
thank you for caring to share every single story . instant  message very open about my own but understand those who can t speak . it happened twice in my life at  years old ( he went to prison for it ) and then again at  ( walked free ) .
from a man with several s sisters many mostly females friends told that i am a good listener .  thank you i had no idea it was so damn rampant that the incidents were so crazy not a comment not a look blackmailed coerced raped many of us want to be sane allies
i  have been flashed  times . twice in the  8  0 s in toronto + once a year ago in montreal . honestly i wasn t traumatized + rolled my eyes at the last guy . wouldn t young women be better off saying oh for god s sake put that away instead heading to the nearest safe space ?
watching on in america . this is an issue that needs to be addressed . the campaign has started a movement and i hope more survivors feel empowered to come forward and share their stories . blown away by the dialogue tonight .
has given women a medium to express their thoughts with campaign women have taken a step in raising their voice against abuse n exploitation . is one of the impactful positive campaign to save a girl child n educate them .
that was a long time ago .  if you haven t noticed so let me ask you .  if a loved one of yours said she was assaulted you would respond with sorry i don 't believe you cause bill clinton .  really ? laughing  out loud .  wow 
i was  the first time i was harassed . a boy at church would chase me around catch me in the corner and spread his body over mine so i couldn t run away . then he would try to get me to talk about how much i liked him . for years i thought his behavior was totally okay .
of course double check here ! the freaking here is we are talking about a  year old guess what i was once  and something very similar happened to me with some older man of  so believe her ! we sometimes have no choice but to wait until years later to tell ( fear )
won  t have time to watch . big votes coming in nationwide . reading r tax plan . man it  s horrible . have you had time to read it ? bad . sad . oh two new governors elected . democratic . they  reply starting to say it  s a referendum . amazing more characters eh ? do you like it ? me too
i spent  months in an abusive relationship .  in that  month period i was mentally physically sexually verbally and spiritually abused ! i still suffer to this day ! some days i feel bad for my boyfriend because i  ll whack out in him just because of his gender !
.  the   - year  - old actress known for her performances in weeds and big took part in the take back the workplace and survivors rally on sunday alongside harvey weinstein accuser lauren sivan of fox  news .
this alabama elementary school principal ( quoted in an article about roy moore in the nytimes ) doesn t give a shit about a  year old being molested . no wonder it took a national movement of for the victim to finally feel like she could come forward .
why don 't women and girls come forward to report sexual harassment and abuse ? read this story about the brave women coming forward about at great personal risk today and send them kind thoughts . 
is there any man out there in a position of power that hasn t abused it to sexually harassed or abuse a woman at least once ? instant  message asking for my whole gender . cause instant  message loosing faith out here .  i know there must be some good men . there just must be .
loved him on any but really love him for er . just cried my way through his character dr . mark greens death . was truly a great character fully fleshed out man father & husband . it s sad to hear he was molested . so glad he s able to share it now .
thank you for believing these women emboldened by the campaign that has helped so many men & women to speak about their sexual abuse stories we have to bring all these stories forward to change the accepted culture and make things better for the future 
very sad story common among young performers . many actors and child artists are targeted raped or molested very young . i stopped performing at age  when a older predator stalked me and offered me drugs for a good time after singing on stage  - at disney world . 
no woman should have  prove she kicked & screamed  prevent rape . men & it seems some women need  realize that there is no upside to coming forward . especially when victims r then subjected  added harm by archaic & punitive laws designed  protect rapists .
men please read . not posting i blame you . defensiveness not needed . just want it to stop . think before acting . i believe most of you probably didn  t know . now you do . hold fellow men accountable . see something say something . 
right ! seriously instant  message looking at some of the shows instant  message watching were i see a lot of harassment that is the focus of i realize it s everywhere . overly forward men with men & women falling into their arms as if it s what the characters always dreamed of . really disturbing
one time in elementary school around  3 rd grade a boy my age told me he was going to tie me up in a chair and force me to have sex with him . i believe sexual harassment and assault is a learned behavior that we have the power to change .
seeing the posts from women and men with makes me beyond sad . i also feel for those that chose to not tell the world their stories . just because someone choose to not speak doesn  t mean they are not suffering . listen to not only the stories but the silence as well .
the discussion is vitally important & instant  message looking forward to informing my constituents about state laws addressing sexual harassment & sexual assault in the work place . any personal story will be treated confidentially within the group . rsvp required :
hey you must make this right ! you did a great deal of damage and set back work place safety & reporting . shortly after these hearings i began being seriously sexually harassed at work . after witnessing her abuse i knew it wasn t safe to report .
hopefully boys & girls victims of sexual predators kidnapping & rapes by prominent congress & business re aga era find voices stop acting like this is a hollywood because problem video conspiracy of silence : the franklin cover  - up
since  got into office the horror of being abused from   -  year old by a neighbor came back . all the therapy was gone . instant  message so scared i can t even believe instant  message admitting this . i won t see my gyn . if that kind of person can be in the wh how will i ever be safe ?
thank you corey for telling your story and naming names . finally the climate is right . now people are ready and willing to listen . it s a shame they weren t more receptive years ago . how many victims may have been saved ? if it helps just one child then it s been worth it .
tune into the front page with dominique di prima weds am campaign creator tara na burke joins me to discuss the sexual harassment and violence towards black women tara na is in la leading survivors  march in hollywood on sun
when i was  and a freshman in high school i had this  year old make advances on me . he tried to touch me and put my hand down his pants . i was lucky as hell my friend caught him and he was arrested . end all abuse and assault now so people canr suffer like i have
i look forward to the day when well no longer normalize sexual harassment in our culture . when well call out a ceo or govt official & have them account for sexual abusive behavior in their parent  at  side for this to happen many beverly nelson s out there need to speak out
many people angered when you point out the reality that every second to years victims who are postpone reporting abuse they help spread it . that doesn  t mean i denial  of  normal  t appreciate the trauma it means i know how to count after a lifetime of reading medical lit .
tom reilly my boss on movie the prince of tides insisted we work where he was staying in sc . he went to do his laundry & came back fully naked and pushed my head towards his groin . i left as soon as  possible . next day he physically & verbally abused me & shortly after fired me .
moral of the story : denial  of  normal  t question why it takes so long for a woman to come forward about being sexually assaulted or abused when literally the first time she told you a male wasn  t treating her right you laughed in her face .
public  service  announcement  - please denial  of  normal  t shame men & women who come forward about their sexual assault by accusing them of lying . shaming will only make it seem more okay and it isn  will be . how about instead we empower people to speak up & end this epidemic ?
another note : i have to admit being able to speak up gave me a great sense of freedom and empowerment esp . in usa but in japan you need extra strength . it became a lot harder for me to deal with these issues now that i learned it i can t unlearn it !
raising teenage boys i see how crucial a role my husband & i play in our son  s transition into manhood and in teaching them how to treat women ( & men ) . ultimately that is the starting point . luckily with & social media many women and men can step out of silence and share .
congratulations on never having a moment .  that gut  - churning feeling u get when someone  s taken advantage of u . the shame of doing something  nasty  and being a  bad  girl if u tell anyone . come  4 ward to b shamed & ostracized at  . yep real easy . & it  s not any easier now .
standing with women in food service today especially workers in the back of the house dealing with rampant sexual harassment . we need to go beyond class race creed gender orientation and identity to build for all . 
i found this interesting because for women it s been scary forever . how men can help facilitate real change is when they see harm done to a woman stand up to it immediately with her . the time for standing on the sidelines is gone . what is happening now is long  overdue .
instant  message real fucking sick of people making fun of those or jokes about people coming forward with being sexually assaulted . if anything this should bring to light how fucked up it is that so many women have been hurt and remained in silence all these years .
men don 't need to have any familiar ties to women ( father brother son cousin partner ) in order to respect them and their bodies . rapists can be all of those things and then some . how about just teaching me to have a decent sense of humanity instead ? please do .
instant  message sad you see as madness . genuinely the me too movement made me feel as if the social environment is becoming a place where people want to speak . it s not only the law that determines if things are okay people attitudes take time to change too .
thank you i  m sorry your wife experienced it too it is very hard to hear all these stories coming out . the  election brought it all back too . it  s also terrifying to realize how many women have been assaulted one way or another multiple times throughout their life .
re calling gross man who wrkd in a previous wrk pl . would avoid walking near him because he was v handsy n loved touching young female staff . iv seen him literally pick up a woman n squeeze her body directly against his . gross . naturally he s a married church  - going father of
i had actually forgotten about this until i heard he passed away . i was standing outside my locker when a classmate grabbed my breast . i was barely  . this is the first time i  ve told this story . denial  of  normal  t suffer in silence . you  reply not alone .
hopefully boys & girls victims of sexual predators kidnapping & rapes by prominent u . s . congress & business reagan & bush era find their voices stop acting like this is a hollywood problem . video conspiracy of silence : the franklin cover  - up
i was once sexually assaulted by a bully in high school during geometry class . he brushed his hand against my butt and said swiggity swoogity instant  message coming for the booty . all his friends laughed . i told the teacher and she tried to alleviate the blame on him . disgusting
more great evidence of the effect . this is way overdue . many people have tried to give warning of sexual assault by security guards etc . & tripadvisor would not allow it for their reasons . the tidal wave is coming : another positive to help protect against sexual assault 
i spent  years in therapy to help me through what happened to me & with all this finally coming out women telling their truths it  s bringing up emotions that i  m having a hard time dealing with . back then women turned on victims & allied with pedophiles & rapists .
even worse : a long list of alabama church e [ cult ] colleagues approve roy moore ( child sexual exploitation ) and now trump aims to end health care for  9 million american children need in as soon as  possible 
i just hope my truthful pain will help more little girls out there tell someone and keep telling until they are believed ! and women who have allied with these pedophiles and rapist in the past will feel the shame they made me live with as a child ! thank   you carrie
mr . moore has definitely usurp his power for sex . the women who are coming forward are not doing it for money . they have seen the courage of a younger generation . these women have decided bless the women who quietly suffered for decades . now they can tell their suffering !
the gop defending roy moore is making me sick . i remember turning  and suddenly getting cat called by adult men while walking to school . it confused me because i was still a kid and to me they were grown up dads .
the gop defending roy moore is making me sick . i remember turning  and suddenly getting cat called by adult men walking to school . it confused me because i was still a kid and to me they were grown up dads .
laughing  out loud ! can t women even voice their issues without men claiming marginalization ? why are you assuming i am or anyone else is ignorant or unwilling to acknowledge male abuse ? if you want to add to go ahead ! don 't start  an off topic  discussion someone else s point  of  view . you have your voice . i have mine .
sometimes it takes     years just to find the courage to confront & fight back . it s a build up . that moment to just say bitch you didn t break me ! & oh by the way fuck you i hope you rot & die ! still working out the details but i imagine something just like that . 
when i tried to tell someone they laughed at me and told me i was a bad liar . i  have been scared to tell people the story since but instant  message only  now . it was only last year and if i can get assaulted in a safe place any girl or boy can . make the world safer .
rape sexual abuse sexual harassment & domestic abuse are extremely under reported . shared stories are just the tip of the iceberg led by survivors changing minds giving courage to quiet survivors . we are not going back to the shadows . we will not be silenced .
teacher  watching .  - raped twice . more sexual harassment than i can remember walking on the street . dudes ignoring my asks to use condoms . harassment at work by so many men . sexual assault reason i quit drinking to stay safe . it s why i fight for women in so many contexts . 
unlike many kinds of social  - media activism it isn  t a call to action or the beginning of a campaign . . . it  s simply an attempt to get people to understand the prevalence of sexual harassment and assault in society . to get women and men to raise their hands . 
please denial  of  normal  t ask anymore why they did not bring it up earlier . the reasons are :  . if accuser denies & they are liars despite the crime .  . because they would be social pariahs probably lose their jobs and ridiculed . be glad women are changing the world . thank you 
guess what pal women have been sexually assaulted words & deeds forever ! ask any woman you know  - if they  d want to tell you . some live with it inside some tell family & friends . some try to report it  - either nothing happens or they get fired . finally it  s time .
just watched woman tell her story about assault by moore reminds me of trump tactic right before debate bringing out clinton  s accusers . karma much ? by the way i will never assume a victim is lying . i needed someone to hear me i feel i was thrown under a bus .
* * important  * * please realize some people sexually abused like have tried a lifetime to bury  the reply  - run vision n feelings  really do relive the anxiety  s while opening up to say it happened is hard . years ago telling got you beat shamed labeled & open for worse abuse !
